Wednesday Mastermind - April 15
Wednesday Mastermind - April 15


VIEW RECORDING - 75 mins (No highlights)




@0:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, yo, can you guys hear me?


@0:22 - Thienvu Vo
Yo, fresh time. I can hear you.


@0:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, bro, it's getting a bit long. I had to get a nice little cut before the US trip, man.
Tiago, I'll see you in New York, yeah?


@0:36 - Thienvu Vo
Bet, bro, I'll be there. Dude, where do you get your shirts, by the way?


@0:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
This one I got from, bro, I can't even, I can't even remember. I think it was COS. I don't know if you guys have COS in the States.
COS? COS?


@0:53 - Thienvu Vo
COS. Oh, wait, I've heard of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.


@0:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'll look that up. Yes, sir. Let me make this announcement real quick. Maeva, how are you?


@1:03 - maeva
I'm good, SooWei, how are you? Awesome.


@1:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good, good, good, I'm very, very excited for this call. We've been cooking, so I can't wait to show you guys what we have in store.
Absolutely, I'm fine.


@1:14 - maeva
Where are you?


@1:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm on an island, got the pool in the back and everything. Nice, nice, I love it.


@1:22 - maeva
Cool, cool, cool, cool.


@1:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful. Jacob, how are you? You look burnt, bro, what happened?


@1:30 - Jakob Schnitzler
Bro, yesterday, you look red as hell. Bro, I was like, the first time outside, he was like, it, let's go to the pool, yeah, well, an hour later, I'll regret it.


@1:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's that white boy, the white boy burn, yeah? Oh, yeah, I'm a hella white boy.


@1:48 - Jakob Schnitzler
I love it, I love it, cool.


@1:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Josh, nice to meet you, man, I appreciate you staying up for this.


@1:55 - Josh Bowers
Appreciate it, man. Thanks for having me, bro.


@1:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course, of course. What time is it for you, man?


@2:00 - Josh Bowers
It's 2am.


@2:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
2am, okay, what part of, you say you're from Australia, right? Yeah, Gold Coast in Australia.


@2:07 - Josh Bowers
nice, nice.


@2:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's not, that's not, 2am is actually not that bad, I thought it would be like 4am for you. I think that's on like the, like the other Australian.
It's not too bad. Yeah, yeah, it's all right. Yeah, you got the other side, which is like still two hours behind, so it'd be like midnight there, but.
Yeah. It's not bad, Ben.


@2:24 - Josh Bowers
I went to bed at like 8.30, so I could at least get a few hours sleep, got up early, so.
Awesome, awesome. I appreciate it, man.


@2:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Appreciate it. Nigel. Nigel, what's up, brother? How are you? Good, bro.


@2:34 - nigeldaley
Chilling. Spin grinding. Yes, I love it.


@2:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Just in, just in your crib, just grinding, yeah?


@2:40 - nigeldaley
Yeah, bro. How's it feel to be 21, bro? How's life been treating you?


@2:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, bro, I'm not even, to be honest, like, we're in that zone, we're in that phase of business where it's like, I'm just thinking about business, so I haven't like fully like got it, but it was actually so sick, my, my friends like surprised me with this little birthday.
in love The surprise birthday thing, I don't know if you guys see all that, if you even look closer, man, they made like birthday cards on my baby face and party hats, it's mad funny, it's mad funny, but I'm blessed, bro, I'm blessed, yeah, it's sick, it's sick.
I'll see you in New York, yeah?


@3:19 - nigeldaley
Is there, I'll be there. Let's run it, let's run it.


@3:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool, cool, cool, cool. Nick, how you doing, brother? It's first time meeting.


@3:29 - Nick Gaines
Good, brother, how are you? Good, good, good, good, where are you calling from? I'm in Charleston, South Carolina, in the US.


@3:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, nice, nice, beautiful. I'll be in the US soon, I'll meet up with you guys.


@3:40 - Nick Gaines
There we go. Fire, cool.


@3:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I'm really excited for this, guys. There should be a lot more people joining, but we essentially, if you guys haven't noticed already, we're not letting any fathoms in here, simply because this is something that I want to keep more private.
But, you know, I want to make sure that you guys... notice It is. Yes, It It Thank Are the only people that have access to this type of information, because this is stuff that I've never shared before, and this is the first part of like an eight week cohort where we're going to really just dive into detail on exactly how you guys can build that brand.
But before we do that, let's start off with some wins. Does anybody want to share some wins they've gone in the past few weeks, past few days, whatever that may be?
I can start.


@4:25 - nigeldaley
I mean, I raised my prices for my program, finally. Bro, I've been having you tell me for so long to raise my prices, but I raised my prices to my package of 10k and I sold my first 10k yesterday as well.


@4:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hell yeah, bro. How does it feel? First five figure deal, yeah? I still paid in full.


@4:43 - nigeldaley
It's definitely feels good, bro, but it's like, now it's time to deliver, you know what mean? Yeah, it's got a fire under my butt to really do service delivery-wise, but it was a great feeling, bro.


@4:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Let's do it. Good , man. Good . Now you just need nine more of those and boom, 100.
See, it's so much easier when you increase the prices, I'm telling you, I'm telling you. Thank you for that, bro, I appreciate you, bro.


@5:08 - nigeldaley
Of course, of course, good .


@5:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Kevin, you had 10K followers, yeah?


@5:13 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, I did yesterday, so pretty love it, I love it.


@5:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good work, man, what's the goal for you next?


@5:21 - Kevin Walton
I would say, I just got to make some more content on stuff, just, you know, actually, the biggest thing I want to do now is really grind it on YouTube now, so I don't have, have any YouTube right now, so I'm writing down a lot of topics to talk about, I'm going to be filming that, so.


@5:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, cool, let's do it, let's do it. Awesome, anybody else? Any wins? It could be, it doesn't have to be financial or business, it could be personal as well, I will say.


@5:52 - Jakob Schnitzler
When I was in Germany. Go ahead, go ahead. Yeah, when I was in Germany, I met a girl, so, who knows?


@6:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's a win, bro, that's a win.


@6:03 - Jakob Schnitzler
That's a win, yeah.


@6:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Pedro, Pedro was talking the other day, I know, I know Pedro mentioned that. That's a huge win, I don't, like, we laugh and stuff, but that's a huge win, you know, when you have, like, the right reason to do it.
It's sick, so, I love it. Allen, how about you? dog, Jacob, what a dog, yeah.


@6:21 - Allen Speigner
Mine's not financial either, but I remember last week we had talked about, like, potentially getting an Airbnb or a condo for a week and just grinding out content, so.
So, I'm in Nashville right now, at a condo, we've been here for a couple of days, grinding out content, so doing a lot of recipes and stuff, getting a ton of B-roll, like you had mentioned, for some more coaching videos and stuff like that, so.


@6:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, man, fun stuff, no distractions out here.


@6:44 - Allen Speigner
Let's go, let's go, I love it, beautiful.


@6:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I mean, me and a videographer have been out here for a couple of days now, so. Nice. We're dialed.
Cool, cool, let's do one more, and then we'll go ahead and get right into these modules, I'm very excited for it.
Anyone else? Let's go one more. Okay, you guys got none? Okay, let's go ahead and dive in then. Let's go ahead and dive in.
Yeah, I mean, I'm really excited for this. But before we even start, I just want to say that this is something that me and the team have been working on.
kind of go through that in a bit. But what that means is, you know, we're making a lot of changes to get you guys to double down on your brand.
Because no matter, like, everything that I'm doing right now, the scale that we're going at, and the amount of money we're making, it's all because of the brand.
You know, yes, we can teach you guys the appointment setting, but the appointment setting that we do is 10 times easier compared to...
Appointment setting that a person that has no brand does. So we can teach all this all-in-one solution, but realistically, the brand is what helped me most.
Like, I would literally do every single one of you a disservice if I didn't talk about that more, okay?
So with that being said, I want to introduce a new coach in this community. This is someone that is essentially sacrificing everything to be part of his team.
His name is Yash, I'll get him to sit down in a bit. But he essentially moved all the way from Australia to London.
left everything behind, and he's basically my full-time in-house creative director, and he only works with us. He dropped his offer.
dropped everything to go all in on this mission. And he's one of the, like, I've met a lot of people in the entire creative direction and the entire content space.
He is one of, if not the most impressive minds when it comes to creativity and cinematics. And he will be hosting his group call every single Monday.
So I'll let Yash sit on the chair, introduce himself on a bit about who he is. And he'll start his calls on Monday.
Yo, never had this many people on call. Definitely feels a bit nerve wracking, but familiar faces. I've seen a couple of you guys.
But if not, I was actually part of the community. So I was on the other side not long ago.
Like SooWei mentioned, being in the creator space for the last eight years, done a bunch of things, not only in info, but e-com, automotive, fashion, and really just everything sparked from like the passion.
Of wanting to be creative and really like put out what I see in my mind to the world. And yeah, it's been quite the ride.
And long story short, I attended the Sweden Mastermind as a client, as part of CM, and got the opportunity to do the creative direction for the Mastermind, had a conversation with SooWein, really found the fit to be part of the team.
And yeah, I'm really looking forward to kind of. Sharing the knowledge, transferring all that over to you guys so it can help you build your brands, what's working for us, what's not working for us, what we're doing actively to, you know, keep on scaling and make SooWei a one-of-one personal brand and I believe a lot of these, a lot of the things that we're implementing can be implemented in your brands as well.
So I'm looking forward to it. I'll be taking calls on Mondays. You guys can send me DMs if you have any questions, but yeah, keep this one short.
I'm sure you guys have a lot to learn now. But I'm looking forward to seeing all of you. Awesome.
Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Awesome. So he'll be hosting calls on Monday. It's going to be good.
I'm telling you guys, like, the amount of, you guys are basically getting a whole program for free with no extra charge.
So it'll be 5 p.m. UK every single Monday, same time as this time. And yeah, he'll cover everything from cinematics to what we're doing on the creative side and everything.
Okay. So let's go ahead and dive in. Again, we have a lot to unpack. I'll give you guys a quick rundown, we are going to go over a few things, Fassi, if you can approve the request, cool, so we're going to go over a few things, we are going to go over essentially what is the foundation of my story and how I got to this point, but then also this entire thing, what actually defines a strong brand, and I'm going to give you guys so many actionable items that you guys will basically be bombarded with action items to do for these next up coming weeks until the next call, okay?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
So before we start the presentation, I just want to be very, very clear. I told my entire team to prioritize this eight-week personal branding bootcamp over everything.
And, you know, we spent the last 45 days writing the copy, creating these slideshows, drawing out visuals, and I've actually tracked this time manually on my side and how much time that I've put in, how much time my team has put in.
Collectively, we spent over 50 plus hours on these news. This slide shows $100,000 to get access to the information about a share review and so much more.
And I think from my perspective, a lot of people thought that, hey, when I talk to my business owners, like my friends that are doing, you $500K a month plus, a middle of a month plus, they were like, man, if you sold this, you'd make close to $500K easily, an extra $500K.
And in my eyes, I wanted to give this all for free. And I told you guys that my goal with this community and everything that I'm building, if you put your trust in me and you pay us and you choose to work with us, I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure that you guys are getting the outcome that you want and making sure that we are reinforcing that good decision, reinforcing how much value we're providing.
When I win, you guys win with me. And just because we hit, you know, a high record month doesn't mean that we'll have a new program and sell it to all you guys.
Like, that's just not how, that's not, that's not what I'm about to do. I want to give to you guys, give you guys this all for free, simply as a thank you, because some of you invested in me very long time ago, and some of you invested in me really recently, regardless, the fact that you invested in me, I want to say thank you, and this is my way of saying thank you, this is going to be eight weeks of straight value on branding, content, and everything, and it's all for free.
Now, we don't make any money from doing this, you know, as I told you, like, I was going to do everything in my power to make this the best decision you've ever made.
this is not going to be a new program, this is not going to be a new anything, the only thing I ask is this, post these next slides on your story, tag me, and let's build FOMO.
This is the only way I can actually indirectly make money from this. I don't want any money, I don't want any cash, I don't want anything.
I don't make money with this, I don't want anything, but the only way that I want you guys to reward us is by having amazing word of mouth.
So if you guys can post pictures of this slideshow on your story and tag us, we're going Repost it.
Let's build a lot of FOMO and show this, okay? That's the only thing I'm asking for. You know, that's the bet I'm taking.
And that's how I want to operate this community and, you know, run it with like that FOMO and that word of mouth and all of that.
And if anyone signs up, you guys will get a nice referral cut of that as well, okay? So at any point, make sure you just get your phones out, take some pictures, all of that, post it on your story.
And we're going to build a lot of FOMO and it's going to be a fun ride. Okay, let's get started.
So the first thing that I'm going to go over is my journey, because if you guys understand my journey, then you guys will understand exactly how we've gotten to this point.
We've been posting for a very long time and the success that I've achieved has certainly not come overnight. So content is a long-term game.
It's the result of consistently showing up every single day because compounding efforts to stack one another and years of hard work is what will lead to the brand that you guys want.
You can't post for one month and expect your inbox to be full of qualified leads ready to pay you five figures.
That's not how this works. And so I know every single one of you want to build a brand that we have, but in order to build a brand that we have, you have to go through the same process that we went through.
So before I even dive into the practical and the tactics and all the information that you can apply, I want to talk about my story so you understand what got me to this position.
This is what your next 500 pieces of content will look like. 80 to 90% of them will be average.
And if you do it right, if you do a good job, an excellent job, only 10% of them will be outlier.
This has, this graphic has to stick with you. And then in your second year, there will be a bit more outlier.
In your third year, there will be a bit more outlier because you're stacking the knowledge over time. But this is what your first year of posting content will look like.
I've been posting for three years. And for the longest time... I was implementing everything that I was learning. I was learning, I was posting consistently, all of that, but nothing was happening.
I started off by posting content and got nowhere. And so I invested 10K into a content coach that only taught value.
A lot of you guys are in this community and you guys only post a specific type of content because that's what you're good at.
But what that made me feel was I felt super underlined and I ended up hating my brand. Even though I was getting views, even though it was going quote unquote well, I hated my brand.
But it got views and leads, so I kept on doing it. I was burned out, hated the brand I looked, and I scripted content for years because that was what I was taught.
And for me personally, the brand that I wanted to build wasn't going to be with this scripted content. I had to find a better way to do it.
So I got into the documentation style. I learned from a storytelling coach that told me to show my character.
And it felt amazing. learned authenticity, and then I invested $30,000 into Hermozzi, so that I could understand how to build a brand to target a sophisticated B2B market, and another $25,000 came to Iman Ghazi's head of content.
I wanted to understand his entire creative direction team, his process behind distribution, and the intentionality behind the perception he creates.
Take note of the fact that I went to the very, very best in each type of content format. We're giving you everything, from everything that I'm learning from Daniel, from Hermozzi, from Iman's head of content, everything in one place.
Because this is the vision that I had to begin with, and then in the last six months everything changed, we went from 20k followers to 100k.
In six months. So if you're coming to this expecting results in 30 days, I need you to recalibrate everything, because that mindset is exactly what's kept your brand stuck up until this point.
When most people look at Hermozzi, they see the 13 million followers. Or they see the 1 billion lifetime views, and, you know, the fact that people will wire him X amount of money, but what they don't see is that Pomozi posted his first YouTube video in October 2019, and initially, before he blew up, he only got a few hundred views.
It didn't go anywhere. And then in 2020, he started posting 7 pieces a week, and for years, he was still stuck at 600 subscribers.
It was only until he made the decision that he went from 7 to 80 pieces of content a week, hired an entire team, spent 30k a month for production, and went all in.
And after six months of making that decision, he gained these stats. 300,000 subscribers, 350,000 followers, 100,000 followers on Twitter, and 150,000 Amazon book buyers.
Everything is exponential. And so a lot of you will be in this very, very slow part of this exponential curve for the longest time, and you'll be frustrated, it'll be tiring, you'll ask yourself why you're even doing it, but the problem is that you're obsessed about the result.
Don't be obsessed about the result. Be obsessed with the process and getting better each and every single day at content.
And I promise you, if you just have that mindset to be obsessed about the process instead of the outcome, you will get better at content.
Because that's what I did. All of this happened for Homozi. Over 5 million followers in 24 months, 2,800 videos posted to YouTube, 35,000 pieces of content published across platforms in 40 months, and $4 million spent along the way.
When you read these numbers, ask yourself, where are you in that timeline? A lot of you are trying to rush that exponential curve, but you just started.
You just started. And so even one of the most successful personal brands ever built spent years failing before it clicked.
So you can't expect to go in here and, you know, let's say you implement everything to a T. In a month, say, hey, this is not working.
That's not the goal of this. He posted content in flop. He tested formats obsessively. He built systems nobody ever saw, but he kept building anyways.
And so I want you guys to hear this. The goal of the next eight weeks is not to go viral.
It's to build the foundations of a personal brand that will compound over the next 12 to 24 months. That is the goal.
I don't want you to have a follower count in mind because that is an outcome that we can't control.
I want you to have inputs that you can do because those are things that we can control. And so here's what success actually looks like when you complete this program.
Number one, you need to know exactly who you're speaking to and why they would choose to work with you over everybody else.
This is the first goal. Your visual identity is dialed in. Your first impression communicates authority before you even say a single...
That's the second. Third is you can get on camera without hesitation and communicate with real conviction. When you speak, people listen to you.
That's the type of brand we want to build. Fourth is you have clear brand positioning and a message that cuts through the noise in your space.
So again, this leans into why you're different. Five is you understand the difference between top of funnel and middle funnel content, and you can intentionally create both.
And six, you have a content system you can actually maintain without burning out. Write down what are your top one or two goals out of these six, and stick to it.
Because when that happens, that's when things become easy. Because these are all controllables. These are all goals that we can actually attain.
It's that simple. Okay. And so before we move on to the next module, I want you guys. Write down your answer to the following questions.
What is the best case scenario after going through this? Is it building a brand that I'm proud of? Is it actually enjoying content?
Is it understanding that if I post this piece of content, it will lead to this outcome? What is it?
What does success look like to you six months after this program ends? What are people saying about your brand?
What are your DMs looking like? What's changing your business? You need to visualize your outcome before it even happens, okay?
Because everyone is different. You guys come in here thinking like, oh, I just want more sales, but like, no, no, no.
Like, what specifically do you want to change in your brand that will lead to more sales? Is it the first impression?
Your positioning? What makes you different? What is it? And then third is write down every single obstacle you believe is stopping you from achieving that right now in order of priority.
So before you even sit down, before you even say the scripts that you're talking about, are you confident on camera?
Can you speak with conviction? Do you hesitate every single time? What is it? Write it down because that will determine exactly how you go through this entire program and how you actually do these modules.
What are the action steps that you believe you need to take in order to get there? What does IGOT everything out of this program look like to you?
All of these things are super important. So these are a few actuals that you guys can take away from this first module alone.
Complete the goal setting question, know, like all five questions, write it down in full, keep your answer somewhere visible, and then share your number one goal in the community.
Just one goal. Because if you tie yourself to that one goal and people hold you accountable to it, it'll change everything.
The reason why I don't want to go into tactical right now is because I need you guys to understand what you even want out of this, and then we can help you guide you to get there, okay?
So this is the first part. Let's go to module three. This is where it gets really fun. All right, so most people think that a strong brand means a big audience, and for me, I know people with 500k followers who can't sell a $2,000 offer, you know?
And I also know people with 10,000 followers who are doing 500k a month consistently. A strong brand is not measured in followers, it's measured in influence, and influence comes from trust.
The goal of this specific module is to build an audience that trusts you so deeply that they would pay you what
Whatever you charge without thinking, I can't tell you when's the last time we had a price objection, like seriously, I can't tell you when, it's been a very, very long time, and our lowest ticket offer is 15, 16 grand, that's our lowest ticket, so let's reverse engineer what actually gets people there, here's the framework I use for every single personal brand I build and every client I work with, and it's the same framework that allowed me to really grow very, very fast in the last six months, it's four stages, and they happen in this exact order.
Here's the part most people get wrong, they try to skip straight to the credible stage three, they lead with their proof, their case studies, the results, and it falls flat because the person watching doesn't even like them yet, they don't even like them, and so when was the last time you spent a significant amount of money with someone you didn't really resonate with, and you didn't
Chances are you never did, because trust is built in sequence, and you're skipping straight to the credibility and trying to give value.
Do you understand why having a value brand is extremely one-dimensional and is ruining your entire online presence? You can't skip steps.
So stage one is being admirable. If you want to build a brand, you have to understand that nobody cares about you.
There's 200 million creator accounts on Instagram, and there are over 4.5 billion reels shared every single day on the app.
Before doing anything, you have to give your audience a reason to care about you. And so, like, the question is, like, why do we care about Cristiano Ronaldo?
We want to look at the biggest celebrities, because when we can look industry-wide, we can take what's working in the mainstream celebrity and the mainstream media and apply it to our industry.
We care about Cristiano Ronaldo because he's the best football player in He's the GOAT. Whoever says Messi, I don't really care what you say.
Your opinions are relevant, but he's the GOAT, right? He's the best football player of all time, and so whatever he does is under a magnifying glass because he's so admirable to the majority of the world.
That's why we care about him. The reason why he has that much influence is because he's admirable. And so what are the three reasons you can give your audience to admire you?
For me, it's the fact that I make 400K a at 20. It's the fact that I can balance this well in university.
And it's the fact that I have families, morals, and values in line. That's a big reason. And those are the three strong core pillars of my brand.
These are your three unique mechanisms. And this is what makes you different compared to every single person in the entire industry.
If you're not getting enough views, your unique mechanisms simply are not good enough. I want you to pause and write down what other unique mechanisms that people
People choose you four, off the top of your head, just write down three, and what you're gonna realize is if you can't actually write them down with confidence, that just means that your brand is weak, because you don't have a strong enough reason, and you guys are probably thinking, SooWei, like how the hell am I meant to come up with three because yours are so strong?
The whole goal is to have a unique mechanism that people can't replicate. 400K a month at 20, why do I say that?
Because nobody else can have that unique mechanism, right? But then something like a family, that's something that everyone can replicate.
But then if you tie 400K a month at 20, while in university, while with family, that's one of one.
That's one of one. So the best brands have unique mechanisms that are extremely hard to replicate. You may be asking, how do I find my unique mechanism?
Good question. Ask yourself what makes you different and stand out. I want you to ask your clients why they chose you over the hundreds of other competitors, and then after that, implement the buyer mirror.
Do it in that order. Don't skip. Why do you think you're different and what makes you stand out based on your perspective?
And then ask your clients by implementing the buyer mirror. This is going to change the game for you guys.
This is a form, you know, like this is, an evolution of the onboarding form that we initially had that we're going to send it to every single one of you.
But essentially, it's where did you first come across me? What was the specific content piece that we posted that got you in the funnel and that got you in the ecosystem in the first place?
Because remember, all content is different. The same content piece that gets someone in our ecosystem is not going to be the same content piece that gets them to buy.
We need to know what got them to first want to get in the ecosystem. What was the first piece of content or moment that made you take me seriously?
What is the last piece of content you watched that pushed you to book a call? So again, we're understanding the first and the last content piece, because these two things are extremely different because they serve different purposes.
Fourth is how long did you follow me before booking in a call? I need to know the time spent.
And, you know, all of these things over time will develop. You know, I asked this question a long time ago, and the duration length was, like, anywhere from, like, 10 months to, like, two years or, like, a year.
And then now it's, like, a few months, and then, you know, recently it's been a few weeks. The goal is to get this down, and you can analyze this by having this question in your onboarding.
What was the main reason you decided to reach out when you did? And so we're understanding what actually got them to take action.
Before I call, convinced were you that you signed up? What were your biggest hesitations before joining? Why do we ask?
It's because. We can solve these objections in our content. There are other cultures who help with content and branding.
Why did you choose us specifically? And so this is where I get insights on the fact that people love the fact that my morals and values are more towards family, not towards materialistic items.
What did I show in my content that made you think he's the right person for this? What problem were you trying to solve when you first found me?
What problem of the program surprised you? All of these things are insights and data. This is what makes you different.
So before we even look at the scripts, the hooks, the pillars, everything, find out your three unique mechanisms and tie it together.
And when you tie all three together, it should be one of one. Because name me one other guy that makes 400K a month while in university at 20 that also has no supercar and his morals and values are in line with family.
You can't name. Because I'm the only one that pops up. You need to be the only one when you combine all three of your unique mechanisms.
Does that make sense? This is a self-reflection that people skip and then you wonder why your videos get no views.
Because the perception and the context that you've given people is not good enough. The buyer mirror is the most important form that you need every single one of your clients to fill out.
So that's admirable. That's everything to do with getting someone to even listen to you, to even care about you.
Okay, that's admirable. Stage two is likable. Now, if people don't like you on some level, they won't stay long enough to be influenced by anything else you do.
That's just the way it is. That's just, you know, how the world works, right? Likeability doesn't mean being overly positive, charismatic, it means being a real person.
It means your audience views you as someone they'd actually want to spend time with. So ask yourself these questions.
What do people like about you in real life? What makes your close friends choose to be around you? Whatever that is, that's what needs to come through in your content.
A lot of you are putting on facades, you guys are putting on this image that you're this extremely professional person.
And then when I meet you guys in real life, you guys are funny, but I don't see any humor in the content.
And it's like you're trying to emulate someone that you're not, and the audience can feel that. They can feel that misalignment, and they don't want to watch your videos because you cringe.
You're trying to become someone that you're not. It's called a personal brand. Be personal, okay? So if you haven't noticed already, these are...
All, a lot of self-reflection questions, because the best brands understand what their strengths are, and put them on 10x.
They 10x their strengths, and show as much of it as they can. Look at the answers from your buyer mirror form.
The more specific you are about your own experience, your own journey, your own struggles, the stronger your brand becomes.
Too many of you are posting this generic content that tries to relate to everybody, but when you try to relate to everyone, you connect with no one.
You need specific content, I need you to share real experiences, and I need you to connect and feel your audience on a personal level, not on a surface level.
And so what does that mean? That means taking a stance. This is a video that I saw in my reel, and when I watched this reel, was like, this guy's balling, this guy's doing his thing.
You know, he spent like, I think he literally spent $100. Like 200k, I'm not even kidding. Obviously, some of them are investments, but he bought a lot of cars, and there were a lot of comments that said invest more into your education and experiences rather than so much superficial junk.
I took that exact reel, made it my own, and I showed the fact that I spent nothing on materialistic items.
The only thing expensive was my apartment. And I showed exactly why I was different because of the buyer mirror form.
Because how many of you invested in me because I didn't have a car? Or I didn't have the flashy lifestyle, or I didn't wear all the designer.
I got that from the buyer mirror form. And so I took that, and I showed it in this viral format, and it got like 200k views.
And all the comments are just talking about how much self-control I have. So I'm appealing to my ICP. Do you see how this works in real time?
I literally just did this last week. I just did this last week. And if we take a look, it's on 200K views.
Everything that your clients are saying can be shown in your content. It's so easy, but you have to understand what makes you different in the first place.
Now, if you're all about the flashy material stuff, man, do a video like this. You know, show how much you spend, because you'll attract that ICP as well.
But I don't want to attract that ICP. I want to attract the much more sophisticated, smarter, and show people the way with financials and have a different moral compass instead of just spending whatever you've made.
You see how that works real-time? Cool. So this leans into the feedback that I got from the buyer's mirror.
All of these things, right? You can't be afraid of sharing details about yourself. Guys, this is probably the hardest part about personal branding, but it is the most fun.
This is how you build an audience that gets you, recognize on the street, that inspires people, and creates a cult-like following.
You have to take an aggressive stance and not be in the middle. Too many of you are in the middle.
If you get the feedback from your clients, lean into it, 10x, and show how crazy that is. I think I could have done this better if I just said that, man, I spent like 10,000, I called it a day.
If I did that, people would be like, what the , you know? I think I could have executed this real better and showed how, like, not frugal, but how safe I was with money.
Because that would have taken such an extravagant stance, such an extravagant positioning. But you need to take that and lean into it.
Don't be in the middle. And even if you are in the middle, don't show it. Lean into the extremes.
Okay? You guys will understand this in a bit. Um, but stage three is credible. Now, this is what majority of you guys are good at, right?
Only when someone likes you and relates to you, they are ready to hear about your results. Do you see how a lot of you are starting from stage three?
A lot of you are starting from stage three, starting with the value, and then when you post a CTA, and your views go down, and you get, you 50 likes of video, you wonder why.
No one, no one with you to begin with. Nobody cared about you. You have to do a better job of stage one and stage two.
So again, note down which stage you're in. If you guys know that, hey, I'm in stage one, great. Just, just, just have actionable for stage one.
Ignore this portion. But if you've already done stage one and two well, do stage three, okay? Client results, personal results.
This is when people can care, because now their ears are open. Now they're like, okay, Sue is living my dream life.
I to him on a very personal level. He's very, very cool to work with. Now I can listen to like, you know, what he actually does.
Now I actually care. But this also comes from the quality of the insights you share. You have to be very, very careful with what you actually say in this portion, okay?
Your credibility should not be regurgitated information that can be found on 10 other channels. This is information that you have that shows why you're different.
Credibility tells people you can get them where they want to go. That's what it does. The best valuables that have performed are always after I bought a new program slash mentorship.
And here's why. I take what's behind paywalls and I'm the first to put it out in the free content world.
That's what I do. And so this forces people to watch my content because they can't find it anywhere else.
And when people repeat what I'm saying in my content, all the... All the credit goes back to me. You need to look at your source of information and who you're learning from and where you're learning from and ask yourself, how can I make this better?
How can I make this different? How can I be the first one to share information like this? Because when you can do that, that's when your value and your credibility is unmatched.
You don't need a lot of views. But that's why I care so much about investments and mentorships and all of this.
I'm taking what I learned from investments that I made, you know, of like multiple five figures and just putting it there.
That's what this looks like. Okay. So ask yourself, are you stealing this information from someone else? And if so, how can you make your own twist on it?
How can you implement that with your own unique mechanism or your own unique way? Okay. Okay. Okay. Because all of these things compound after one another.
If you do this wrong, no matter how well you do stage one and two, you won't get any sales.
They just like you, they just look at you as a friend. So you need all four, which leads to the last stage, which is being trustable.
This is the stage where money is made. And once you've cracked it, you will never have to worry about signing clients ever again.
Trust is built over time, okay? It's the accumulation of every piece of content you've made, every promise you've kept, every time you showed up and delivered real value.
Because you have to understand, every time that you are on your audience's for you page, or they click on your YouTube video, you either satisfy them or you completely fail them.
There's no in-between. There's no in-between where it's like, oh, maybe I'll click on another video again. It's either, I'm going to click on another video because this video was actually useful, and I got what I wanted out of it, or this guy just...
Wasted 20 minutes of my time, I want my time back, I'll never click on this guy's video again. That's how intentional you have to be.
And so when someone trusts you, they don't need a sales call. They DM you and say, bro, I have the money ready, send me the link.
I don't care what industry you're in, whether you're B2C, B2B, whatever, you should be getting messages like this. And if you're not, you're missing one stage or multiple.
Figure that out. Create a ton of action items that I talked about in this call and just do it.
And solve one stage at a time. Your goal of your brand is to build trust at scale. And here's the most common mistake that I see you guys make.
You only post value. All your content is tips, frameworks, how-tos. And they wonder why they're getting views but no leads.
And why people engage with the content but don't buy. You're building a one-dimensional brand. A brand that only provides value puts people's guard up.
Because what that means is people are always asking, people are immediately wondering, what does this guy want? Because nobody's actually that nice to just give value for the sake of giving value.
Let's be honest. And so they have their guard up and they're thinking, what does this guy want? Think about what happens when you walk into a store and a salesperson immediately approaches you.
You feel all rushed. You feel a bit uncomfortable. You can feel him standing right there. You can't even look at the products the way that you want to.
You can't even spend your time, right? Because he's just right there. Like, bro, what are you doing? It's just over your shoulder.
But then think about the store when nobody approaches you. You can take your time. Browse the shows, you can look at the bag, you can look at the, you know, whatever you want, look at the price tag, all that , and then maybe you end up buying.
But nine times out of ten, correct me if wrong, when nobody approaches you, you end up buying and you end up actually enjoying the shopping experience more because you don't feel rushed.
A multidimensional brand where you include your lifestyle, your passion, your transformation, your expertise, your value, journey, all of these things is building that store where you don't have an employee.
And this is what makes people trust your expertise more. They don't feel sold to, they feel understood. That's what the biggest brands in this world all have in common.
When you watch their content, it doesn't feel like they're watching a course creator because they have nothing to benefit from it.
Write down the three of your favorite creators. Chances are, most of them don't even have. Some type of course, right?
Because they have no intention to sell. So take that analogy and understand that when you're constantly thinking about how to get leads and how to generate sales and how to book more calls, your content is going to be .
Your best content is produced when you're not even thinking about the outcome that you want and you just do what feels right.
So don't look at what will get more leads. That's all important and you can have that in the back of your head, but that shouldn't be the main priority.
It shouldn't. And when you watch these creators, it feels like you're spending time with someone that you actually respect.
Do exactly this. Pick three of the biggest personal brands in your industry or outside and spend 30 minutes studying them.
Just three. And these could be people that you genuinely resonate with. Like why? Like go a layer deeper and ask yourself why.
Nine times. 10 times out of 10, it feels like they don't need your money. Why do you guys think Hormozzi led with that I have nothing to sell you approach for years before we started selling something?
Because people had their guard down. And when people have their guard down, they can be easily influenced. But you're thinking, how can I get more leads?
How can I get more book calls? That will come. Stop thinking about that. And just focus on what makes you different and just provide value with no intention to take.
And that's when things will click. Like, every single one of you already lives such a comfortable life. You're working from home.
You wake up whenever you want. You go to the gym whenever you want. You can sleep whenever you want.
Nothing changes if you add an extra 30K to your lifestyle. Except maybe getting a nicer car or a nicer apartment.
But who gives a ? You live the same day-to-day lifestyle. So stop obsessing over the leads and the book calls and let it come to you.
Because that's when you build a strong brand that can generate a ridiculous... Ridiculous amount of leads that you can't even fathom, okay?
Need you guys to understand that. Don't just consume their content, analyze it, you know, ask yourself, like, what is this guy trying to do with his content?
Where's the first feeling I have when I land on this person's profile? When do I feel like them? When do I feel understood by them?
When do they build credibility? How do they share proof about being pushy? What makes their brand feel trustworthy and not just competent?
How many different types of content are they making? What dimensions of the personality do I see? You look at a guy like Hermosie, no matter how boring he is, he still talks about his wife all the time.
He still talks about his relationship. He's a smart guy. You think he wants to talk about his relationship? No.
But it shows a different dimension to him, which builds his brand. When you understand and you always ask yourself these questions, when you scroll on social media, you'll understand how they do it.
And you can do it for yourself. Okay? Actionables. Map out where your content currently sits, whether it's likable, relatable, credible, or trustable.
Likeable is one, relatable is two, credible is three, trustable is four. I mean, just put it in the chat real quick.
What do you guys think you guys are? One, two, three, or four. You see how most of you guys are all one or two?
Okay. Yeah. You guys skip straight to trying to do three and four, you know? Yeah. Cool. So, based on that, you guys know the action items that you guys need to do.
Every single one of you, want you guys to create the buyer mirror and implement it in your onboarding process.
You set it up once, it runs forever, and it'll give you the best insights to build your brand. I started three major personal brands using the
Prior framework, and pick at least one brand from outside your industry, stop looking just at your industry, people that post content in the online space that sell info, that sell some type of consulting, their content sucks, it sucks, man, you know, so stop taking inspiration from all these bums, like look, look industry-wide, go outside, man, look at movies, look at fashion creators, look at all these people that are actually creative, that don't care about the money, when you look at someone's content, when they don't care about you learn so much more, okay, identify one dimension of your personality or life that is completely absent from your current content and plan your first piece of content around it, and write down the answer to this question, what do people like about me in real life that I've never shown on camera, okay, beautiful.
That is going to wrap up the first week of this cohort. How do you guys like it? How was it for you guys?
Good?


@50:11 - wyatt
Amazing. Sick, sick, sick.


@50:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Man, told you. I told you we went all out. I told you we went all out. So we got a lot of time now for Q&A, for a lot of questions.
I'm sure you guys are like buzzing with questions and stuff. Again, the most important thing is you guys are actually taking the actionable questions and you're asking that because the reflection that you make and the reflection that you do after this call is what will actually determine how good your brand actually becomes, okay?
So if you haven't already, take a picture of this group call. Do whatever you got to do. Post it on your story.
Tag me. I'm going to repost. You guys will probably get a few followers from that as well. And yeah, let's spread the word of mouth.
Let's spread the word of mouth that that is going to help us out a ton. That's the only way.
That's the only thing I'm asking for, okay? Let's go ahead and start off with some Q&A. Andrew, what's


@51:02 - Andrew Wilkes
First of all, um, that was probably the best, um, group call, the best call I've had with, with you since, uh, since joining.


@51:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@51:10 - Andrew Wilkes
So, um, one, congrats and two, thank you. That was good. Yeah. first like a hundred percent. Um, with that also being like, we can tell, I think everyone in here can tell the work that was put into that.
So it was definitely, definitely well worth it for you. So my biggest question from everything is because we've talked about this before, like on our one-on-one check-in about, kind of like doing the mirror and everything like that.
And I do that literally every single call. Um, funny enough, added that after our call, I added that to our onboarding.
I didn't call it the mirror, but I added it into our onboarding anyways. And it's been quite helpful. Um, but the biggest thing that I get from my clients, which is actually kind of a concern because it's awesome what they say about me.
I love it. It's cool. I, I emotionally, great. I appreciate it. But business-wise, I'm like, okay, what the am I going to do?
Um, so when we, Have the mirror in our onboarding. Majority of our clients that we ended up signing, always end up saying because they thought I was more genuine than my competitors or their old mentor.
They always say, I seem more genuine, I seem more real, I seem like a real dude. I feel like I would know you in real life.
I feel like some guys will be like, I feel like you're the type of guy I would have a beer with, or you feel like some guy I'd know from my hometown gym.
Like they always kind of say that, which is awesome because it means like my rapport and the trust is there.
But it kind of leaves me at like a standstill when it comes to like, okay, so yeah, I can post more of my personality and stuff like that and show like more of my humor and my content, which I have been in like the info stuff, everything.
The VSLs are massive because that's just where I kind of like shoot the and then just like whiteboard everything for info so they get to know me.
But I have a struggle point with it's like, cool, they see me as more genuine, but how do I correlate that into my content to still like...
Well, yeah, they'll lead to, to sign clients. Like, how do I get the genuineness to still be like, yes, this guy, like, he's genuine, but he also knows his .
And I see him as authority. And I see him has like, priority. How do you balance like the genuineness with like, oh, I saw your value.
And it was like, yeah, this guy's like, you got something that I need.


@53:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, the perfect example that I can give you is that I have the exact same, I'm in your exact same situation.
People like me because I'm genuine, people like me because they feel like they can hang out with me, all of that.
And I lean into it. You know, I've shown videos of me calling up my guys, sending over voice notes on, you know, after they hit record months and stuff.
And now you guys see everyone doing that. Like, there's specific formats that you can implement, that you can do in order to show more of that.
And so, Andrew, like, you basically put a box in your head because you think that's a bad thing. But I look at that as a good thing, because not a lot of people can be that genuine and actually resonate with their clients on the personal level.
you haven't done is you haven't actually sat down and brainstormed formats where you can show that. You haven't sat down and brainstormed formats where you can show what you're doing to be genuine.
You probably haven't showed you meeting up with a client. They probably don't know what it's like. probably haven't close to a client retreat.
So these are all things that can show you being genuine with your clients, which will get more clients that want to be like you.


@54:24 - Andrew Wilkes
So you already have the thing.


@54:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You just have to go a layer deeper now and ask yourself, what are formats that I can do in order to show that?
And you take it from there. Self-reflection, and I'll go through formats in next weeks. Okay.


@54:37 - Andrew Wilkes
Perfect. That's awesome. Okay. Thank you. Actually, funny that you brought that up. I'm actually hosting like a mastermind for like a lot of like my Canadian guys.
We have a lot of guys that are like within like a three hour, four hour, or five hour drive of like where I live.
And my building actually has like a really big like production podcast ready lounge that I can rent out. So I'm doing like a big mastermind with all the guys.
I'm happy that you said that because it kind of gave me confirmation to do that, so that's awesome. Okay, appreciate it.
I'll be excited for the next call then as well. Of course. right, peace.


@55:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you.


@55:09 - Andrew Wilkes
Sick.


@55:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Pedro, what's up? What up, dude?


@55:13 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, this call was insane. It was very valuable. I have, it's like a lot of people, like a lot of people in phase, I mean phase one or two, but Mia, I think I'm on phase one.
And so would you say that despite of the phase you're at, you should still like post all around, um, or, and like mostly post about the phase they're on now or only post about like likability?


@55:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, you should be more intentional about solving phase one first. So the goal should be like, the goal should be giving people enough of a reason.
And the moment that you see your views start to pick up, I'm not saying completely neglect credibility and all of this, but you have.
to have like a a much higher percentage of your content focus on just dialing in stage one and the moment that it happens okay you maintain a bit of like the perfect brand has a balance of all four and so if you just say hey I'm just gonna do every piece of content I'm just gonna get people to admire me and like why why should you care about me like it's not gonna work you know what I mean like you still have to post all four types of content but you should post definitely more of stage one and be more intentional by doing the research understand the formats scripting out more hooks looking at what's working in the space all of that you know so that that's what I would say I wouldn't just focus on just that type of content it's a mix of four but just being more intentional with stage one content if that makes sense got you and you'd say stage one is more like about stories and what you went through and lessons you've learned that's stage two so stage one is about being admirable like what are the reasons people actually care about you to begin with
A lot of people will say that, hey, I don't think I've done something impressive enough to have people care about me.
Yes, you do. Literally 95% of people are working a nine-to-five job and have to wake up and listen to a boss.
You guys all have the privilege to wake up whenever you want and work out of your laptop and make money online.
Do you understand how much of a blessing that is? That's something that people can look up to immediately. You know what I mean?
So it doesn't have, like, you have to understand the way that I stand out and the way that I come across as admirable is much different from how you're doing it because I'm targeting you guys.
You guys are already sophisticated. You know, like, one of the easiest ways to get you guys' attention is by saying that I make a ton of money at a young age while doing this because now you build an open loop.
build curiosity on how we've been able to do it. So that's the main thing. You have to really look at your ICP and ask yourself, like, what are they?
Looking at because a lot of the times you guys are selling to an ICP that you don't even regularly talk to and so the friends that you have are other business owners or all other online people that are already doing well and so you think that you're not doing well but you are doing so well compared to the regular person so well you guys truly have to understand that and take it for what it is and extrapolate like what really makes you different and show that as much as you can okay cool yeah and then i'll wait for next week i guess for yeah i mean i'll wait i'll try to send something in the one-on-one chat yeah back in terms of admirable but i believe the formats so you will share formats for each phase um yeah yeah that so we're actually apologies if i said it was going to be next week we're probably going to do formats by end of this month start of early next month because the the second thing we're going to dial in is cam going to is cam
Our presence, visual identity, how do you make sure that your camera's optimized, how do you make sure that you're in the right light, how do you master communication, speaking, all of these things that we're going to cover all of that in the next call.
So we're going to dial in one step at a time, formats will be like a few weeks after. But yeah, we will have specific formats.
I'll give you guys a few, a few ones to begin with at the start, and then we'll have a full on video for that, okay?
Cool, cool.


@59:26 - Pedro Oliveira
Thank you. Dope. Hope that helps, brother.


@59:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nick, how can I help?


@59:31 - Nick Gaines
Yeah, fire call. See, Seems like I joined at a good time.


@59:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, my question was kind of on formats.


@59:41 - Nick Gaines
So if it's a future thing, you can let me know. But my question was going to be, what are the main formats that are best for one and two?
Is it storytelling, like just delivering those like three points through just saying it? Or is it like weaving it more into other like types of content, like more subtly?


@1:00:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So this is just about finding ways where you show up naturally, so like that's the thing, you guys can, I want, I want you guys, I don't want to spoon feed everything, because if I spoon feed you, then you're just relying on what we're telling you, what I'd rather do is I give you guys a decision making framework on how I think about content, so you guys are, first of all, you're fresh off of this, so you're probably thinking like, okay, what's the, you're already skipping the steps, because you guys, there's no possible way you would have answered all those questions that I gave you in the time span, you know, you're probably just writing down the question, but you didn't even actually answer it fully.
When you answer it fully, all you want to do is ask yourself this other question, how can I show this in my content, or where am I already showing this, that I can capture with a camera, and you guys will realize, oh, I can capture it during a one-on-one call, I can capture it during a group call, I can capture it when I'm talking to my mom, I can capture it when I'm doing this.
Bro, it's that simple. You guys are overcomplicating it like crazy. Like, you guys think that, oh, I have to do storytelling, I have to do this.
Bro, like, guys, just all slow down. Slow down. Write it all out first. Let it sit in your mind.
Reflect. Stop trying to jump. You guys are already trying to jump, you know what I mean? We want to move so fast that we end up going backwards and we try to rush to enforce the whole process.
The best brands are done intentionally because the people that don't need money can spend more time on it. I'm not going to answer that question because I would do you a disservice, Nick.
What I want you to do, I want you to fully write down all the questions and all the answers to everything.
And then from there, you will figure it out yourself, man. Straight up. You'll figure it out yourself. You're like, oh, I showed this over here.
I showed this over there. Why don't I just set up the camera? Boom. Easy. You know what I mean?
Yeah, that makes sense.


@1:01:56 - Nick Gaines
I guess one question just in thinking about it, like just kind of for Inspo to see how it worked for me.
What are the main areas that like you do that? Or is it, are there any specific areas, whether it's like with student calls or anything in particular?


@1:02:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I mean, one-on-one calls always help out, especially if I know a client is struggling. I'm definitely more passionate in those ones.
Group calls where I have a topic, mean, I'm filming right now. Maybe we can clip up like three to five really good reels, drop in some game in this call.
So, definitely some good reels out of that. Yeah, man, it's just wherever you're in flow state. It's wherever you're in flow state.
Like, when does your tonality and conviction sound supernatural? I'm going to cover that on the next week's call. But just find moments where like you're a bit more emotional than normal.
There's a bit at stake. And then you can just like capture the moment, set up your camera. And next week, we'll talk about how to set up the camera so that you can capture those moments.
So, yeah, we'll dive into it. Okay, cool.


@1:02:59 - Nick Gaines
cool. Appreciate it. Of course. Jacob, what's up?


@1:03:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's up, man?


@1:03:05 - Jakob Schnitzler
Fire call. So, I mean, it was kind of, like, already the questions that were asked. Maybe one thing is, like, for stage one and two, what is, like, your main, how do you think about a main distribution channel in terms of, like, YouTube stories, reels, like, what are you using most for this or you think is the most fitting?
What do you mean? Like, like, if you use your stories more, your reels more to show, like, this admirable, I mean, it kind of goes into the format thing as well.
Like, how do you find those formats to display this admirability?


@1:03:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, it comes down to reflection, brother. Like I said, like, I know it's very easy to, like, kind of want to jump to the next thing.
But have you answered all the questions yet? No.


@1:03:57 - Jakob Schnitzler
I just, I just want you to let it sit, bro.


@1:03:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let it. That's it. Because I love these questions, I think they're really good, and we will answer them, but I challenge you to try and answer them on your own before I answer them for you.
Because what that'll do is now you will feel so much more in line with that format because you created it yourself.
You know, that whole, like, I'm shutting down video, it generated so much, like, it generated a lot of attention and it got a lot of people talking about us.
And you guys probably had a few people DMing you guys, like, yo, like, what the hell is Silway doing, right?
Andrew had a few guys DM him, all that, like, that was just, like, me sitting down with my thoughts and just reflecting and then having time to think.
So, I understand the idea of wanting to move fast, but you can't move fast with content, especially when it comes to reflecting on this.
Jacob, like, what we can do is, like, I want to, I want you to write this all down first, be extremely, be extremely aware of what...
Your main strengths are, and you'll notice, like, man, like, the perfect way to show this is, you know, this one-on-one call, or this group call, or this thing that I'm filming over here, or the fact that I'm, you know, speaking at this event, and all this, like, there isn't really, like, a set structure, but you naturally come with it after.
So, on the Friday call, I'll answer it after you do your reflection, and I want you to give me three formats that you think will work, and then I'll give you three that I think will work, okay?
Okay, lovely.


@1:05:31 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, thank you, appreciate it. And I think, is it, like, because I see you do that a lot more, it's, like, less of this, like, just sitting down and talking about whatever, it's really finding, like, the real-life scenarios.


@1:05:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, I mean, it's just boring, bro, like, no one likes, I want to say no one likes talking here, I think talking here will always be cool, but you guys have seen the live demonstration videos where we're, like, I'm, like, walking around, showing you where I'm filming, how I'm filming, and, like, you uh, Thank
That's just different, but I've had that question asked so many times where it's like, how do you, like, you guys have asked that question.
So I was like, why not after recording, after a recording session, I just filmed that and boom, you know, like that just popped in my head because I was thinking about it, it was in the back of my head.
So just be creative with it, man, be creative, like you could even go outside, do some drills with some cones and then do a talk head video there, some like that, you know, juggle the ball while doing a talking head.
Like it's stuff like that that is so different that will make you really stand out, okay? Yeah, love it.


@1:06:35 - Jakob Schnitzler
Thank you so much. Awesome.


@1:06:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Pierre, what's up, brother?


@1:06:39 - Pierre Gourdon
Yeah, my question was, do you recommend to be like 100% your true self on camera or still trying to be intentional about what you say and what you show for your ICP?
Pick and choose.


@1:06:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Pick and choose. Because I'll give you an example. Evolive. Evolive. I said, hey, I'm 19, I'm, I'm in university, I go to lectures, you know, every single day, and I'm 20, and then I'm whatever, you know, like I'm talking about my whole life and the fact that I'm young, and you know, I have all this, I'm going to attract university students, but the way that I position is that I run this type of business that makes this amount within four, four, four to five hours a day, whatever, while balancing university and doing X.
So, it's the way I positioned it, where the thing, the person I'm trying to target is what I focus on first.
So, what I would say is you have to pick and choose, and the reason why I include with university is because even if you're a coach, and even if you're full-time, the fact that I say that actually increases my authority over here, you know what I mean?
It increases my authority, so it works to my advantage. If I'm not doing that, and I'm just saying that, hey, I'm just like balancing university, then...
It's actually going to like cook my brand and it's going to attract a ton of unqualified ICP leads. So what I would do is I'd pick and choose what really resonates with your ICP and show only that.
If I say everything about me, man, I'm going to attract 20-year-olds that are broke, you know? But I just structure it very differently where the focus is the business and how much I make with the systems I have.
And then to make it more impressive, I talk about how I'm balancing this XYZ. So pick and choose, that's the main thing, okay?


@1:08:34 - Pierre Gourdon
Thank you. Of course, hope that helps, brother.


@1:08:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Mason, how can I help you? So kind of similar to what Pierre mentioned about being intentional, a lot of my clients on their onboarding forums have said that they like that they share similar interests with me.
Yeah. But a lot of my interests...


@1:08:52 - Mason Lee
Pokemon cards, yeah?


@1:08:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah. But that does attract unqualified buyers, right?


@1:08:58 - Mason Lee
Yeah. So how do you go about... I guess, being likable and relatable, but still being intentional with what you put out.


@1:09:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, there's going to be people that are unqualified that follow you. Stop obsessing about that. You know, it's a volume game.
And in my opinion, I'm trying to build a, I'm trying to build a audience and a personal brand that is not just serving my clients, but the whole world.
Why would I want to live in my message to just coaches between 30 to 100k a month that want to scale with organic content?
Man, like, the way that I look at it is like, I want so much more influence and so much, so much of a bigger brand than just targeting this ICP.
So if I get unqualified people, so what? So what? You know, it's part of the game. And I think if you have that mindset, and you're okay with it, it'll do better for you in the long run.
Because people will, like, first of all, that ICP will support you no matter what. And that will push your content out towards more of people that you're trying to target to begin with.
Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I would just say like, obviously Pokemon is a very hard one, I chose not to include that in my content, because naturally like, bro, if you're looking like a 20 to 30 year old, those guys don't really with Pokemon, you know, like, it's usually like teenagers and stuff, so I avoid that, but I talk about, let's say like, I just got a vinyl recently, I can probably talk about that, because what teen is going to be in the vinyls, like it's more like a older demographic that can be interested in a hobby like that, or maybe something like chess, you know, like, I'm not, I'm not really into chess, but if I was, I'd talk more about that, and so I'd pick and choose what ICP would really resonate with that, and so go back to your ICP dream follower worksheet, and ask yourself, is that person really resonating with this, and if not, what more sophisticated hobbies can I develop to show more of that, okay?
Okay, so just find like, more overlap? Yeah, exactly. Okay, sounds good, thanks.


@1:10:54 - Mason Lee
Cool, hope that helps, bro.


@1:10:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jai, what's up, man? great, cool, man.


@1:10:59 - Jai
Thank you. you. Yeah.


@1:11:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Loved it. That's been my favorite call.


@1:11:03 - Jai
Sick, sick, sick.


@1:11:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I'm going to upload this recording. We put a lot of work in. This is just the beginning. Wait till you guys see the third, fourth, fifth week.
This is just the tip of the iceberg. So I'm excited. But go ahead, man. How can I help?


@1:11:14 - Jai
Cool. Yeah. So my question is, I feel like right now there's so much stuff we have to get across, know, top of funnel, middle of funnel, value, our personality, our values.
What do you feel like is a good, like, number one, how many times do think we should be posting reels per day?
And what format should be posting? Because I thought you had to do, like, one middle of funnel, one top of funnel per day.
Like, how would you kind of balance that so you're not, like, bombarding your guys with top of funnel? You're not bombarding them with value.
You're not bombarding them with values. You see what I mean?


@1:11:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The way that I look at it is it depends what you need. If you need more leads, I would lean towards 60% 70% top of funnel and then 30% to 40% middle of funnel.
That's what I would do. There is no right or wrong, man. Just have fun with it. Again, you guys are treating.
Social media as if it's like a, you know, KPI tracker, oh, you have to do this amount of outreach, this amount of follow-ups, like, bro, social media is the most creative game ever.
So the way that I look at it is like, just have fun. Have fun. Don't stress out about all these little things that you can't control and all that.
Like, as long as you're maintaining somewhere around 60 to 70% top of funnel if you need more leads, just run that and then focus on what stage that you're at.
So what stage are you in, Jai? Right now, we're doing like a bootcamp, so it's pretty middle of funnel.


@1:12:35 - Jai
We should have a lot of leads, but the leads that we do have are pretty nurtured. Like, we've had a few calls booked.
So you have a lead flow thing, yeah?


@1:12:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, lead flow. So I would do your challenge like once every other day and then do a bit more top of funnel to get that going.
That's what I would do, you know? Yeah, yeah, you're right.


@1:12:53 - Jai
I definitely need to a top of funnel. I just actually literally just filmed the same video you did with the price thing.
But I just made it, like, kind of funny. Like I said, I spent, like, 5k on my girlfriend's macho addiction, because I just feel like, it just shows, like, it works.
So, hopefully that does well, but yeah. Awesome.


@1:13:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Cool. Nigel, you had a question, or you got it answered?


@1:13:16 - nigeldaley
Yeah, I sort of, well, the answer is going to come from me answering some of the questions that you asked during the presentation, but myself, I'm really good at the likability, and one and two, I more so need to work on the credibility.


@1:13:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@1:13:30 - nigeldaley
I was just going to ask you, yo, what formats do you think? I'm going to uncover that, because I guess what formats your ICP is susceptible is based on what they like about you, right?
So, I mean, also, I guess since we're here now, for building credibility, would you just say long-form testimonials, because I know you do a lot of long-form testimonials, are, like, really a heavy hitter?
Bro, I mean, we can do, like, the poll.


@1:13:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm very interested to do a poll. know. I don't I don't know. We'll when we go to the middle funnel cohort, but I believe every single person joined after watching at least like one testimonial video.


@1:14:07 - nigeldaley
Yeah.


@1:14:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And if it wasn't a, and if it wasn't a full video, it was some type of short form or some type of word of mouth.
Think about why you joined, you knew Josh, you knew Cruz, you know, all these guys. So that subconsciously added into what we were building and, you know, we just made it from there.
So yeah, man, I would do that. Okay. Yeah.


@1:14:25 - nigeldaley
I'll crush a couple of those out. Yeah. Awesome.


@1:14:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Go ahead and wrap up this call here. Hope you guys enjoyed. It was good. Yeah. You guys liked it.
Hell yeah. It was fine. Awesome.


@1:14:37 - nigeldaley
Awesome.


@1:14:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
This is just a start. So I'll upload the recording again. We're relying on you guys. Don't share this out.
You know, this is going to be just exclusive to the community and this team. Let's run it from here and I'll see you guys on Friday.
All right. Take care guys. Peace.


@1:14:53 - Pedro Oliveira
See ya.


Friday Q&A - April 10
Friday Q&A - April 10


VIEW RECORDING - 59 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Andrew Wilkes
What up, what up, what up?


@0:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hell yeah, hell yeah. Nah, damn, the shot is so wide. That's, what camera are you using?


@0:06 - Andrew Wilkes
This is, bro, funny enough, literally in the car today, we were on our way back, and I was like, it, I need, I want a new camera.
So I just, this is a CVE-10 Mark II, but it's the lens. It's the lens. I can send you the lens that I'm using.
But I just ordered, like, what's it called? I just asked ChachiBT, like, everything that, like, Daniel Dallin uses.


@0:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And, bro, I just, I just dropped a hefty bag on, like, a full movie cinema setup for, like, my lens.


@0:37 - Andrew Wilkes
Bro, I bought, like, I bought enough to make a Tarantino movie, bro.


@0:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Stupid. I love it.


@0:43 - Andrew Wilkes
It's stupid. Hell yeah, bro, it looks clean, it looks clean.


@0:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You better get more sales with that setup, bro.


@0:49 - Andrew Wilkes
Oh, bro, absolutely. Bro, I can sell. It's just, we need more book calls.


@0:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's need more book calls.


@0:55 - Andrew Wilkes
Awesome, man, awesome.


@0:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What up?


@0:57 - Andrew Wilkes
Cool.


@0:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's up, Nigel? How you doing? Bro, you all good?


@1:00 - Andrew Wilkes
Tell it, bro. Hell yeah.


@1:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hell yeah. I'll see you guys soon in like 10 days, bro.


@1:04 - Andrew Wilkes
Cheers. Awesome.


@1:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Emma, how are you? You're all good?


@1:10 - Emma Lavri
Yes, really good. I need to answer your message on the Discord, but I got the offer ready, everything ready.
I just need to translate it now, and I already made my first sale with it.


@1:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. How much?


@1:22 - Emma Lavri
5k, because this is the medium ticket, and I already pitched the high ticket, which is 12k, but still no reply.
Yeah.


@1:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So we'll see.


@1:31 - Emma Lavri
We'll see this one, how it goes. I need to explain. I'll do a loom for you these days.


@1:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
do it. Let's do it. Awesome. Really good.


@1:38 - Emma Lavri
Really good. Beautiful.


@1:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful. Sick. Jacob, getting the steps in, yeah?


@1:46 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, I have to. Happy birthday, brother. Thank you.


@1:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you. I'm getting up there now. I'm getting up there. One of us.


@1:54 - Jakob Schnitzler
it.


@1:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I appreciate it. it's your birthday today, bro?


@1:58 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, yeah.


@1:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I turned 21 today.


@2:02 - Andrew Wilkes
Happy birthday to you. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, everyone, every single person on mute, ready? Everyone on mute.


@2:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Ready? On three, on three, ready? Three, two, one.


@2:16 - Andrew Wilkes
Happy birthday to you.


@2:21 - Mason Lee
Ciao.


@2:22 - Andrew Wilkes
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to Happy birthday to you.


@2:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nah, appreciate that, guys. I appreciate it, yeah. I turned 21, and there's no better, you know, like, no better thing I'd rather do than hop on a call, honestly.
I was just, I was just telling my team, I was like, you know, I was thinking, you know, people always take their birthdays off and stuff, but I love what
I do. You know, I love what I do. I love everything about the life that I've built. You know, the work doesn't feel like work.
So when people ask me like, hey, you know, are you taking the day off? I'm like, hell no. Well, why would I take a day off when I love this stuff?
You know, so yeah, I appreciate all the wishes. It means a lot. And yeah, I'm 21 now. So it's actually kind of perfect timing that I'm 21 and I'm going to the US.
I'm playing, I'm playing. But yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be pretty. So, um, cool. Yes. And how are you, brother?
Where are you? You're in a cabin?


@3:35 - Iestyn Krauze
I'm in, um, Columbia still, bro. Just got a new place. So yeah, pretty good. Just Airbnb hopping, yeah? Yeah, but it's, I don't know what to think of it.
I need to get used to this life, you know?


@3:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. I need to find a place where I just want to get along to him.


@3:48 - Iestyn Krauze
But yeah, see what, see what I like. I love it.


@3:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, happy birthday, bro.


@3:52 - Iestyn Krauze
Thank you. Thank you.


@3:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you. I appreciate it. Um, it means a lot. Cool. Let's go ahead and get started, guys. Let's go ahead and get started.
Very, very excited for this, for this Q&A, but before we do that, I want to welcome Thien Vu, is that how I pronounce it?


@4:07 - Thienvu Vo
Yo, yeah, yeah, that's right, Thien Vu, yeah, yeah, yeah.


@4:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
you just joined, just joined yesterday, I believed, and yeah, it's just going to be fun to have you here, man.
Go ahead and just kind of introduce yourself to the community, and what, what are you looking to get out of it?


@4:19 - Thienvu Vo
No, yeah, I'm excited for this. Nice to meet you guys. I run a UGC agency and a mentorship. I started the mentorship, like, around a year ago.


@4:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@4:29 - Thienvu Vo
It's gone a little bit slower, because I've been focusing mainly on the agency, like, we recently did 100K per month for the agency.


@4:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, yeah.


@4:36 - Thienvu Vo
But now that I've, like, scaled that up, I've taken a toll on the mentorship side. So it's like, I want to combine the businesses so that they coincide with each other.
Hell yeah, bro. So it's like, I help startups make content, and because I'm producing tons of content for them, I'm able to help my students, like, guarantee deals.
So I want to, like, build out the system more, and really... They make sure the fulfillment process is good for my students, that way marketing can get better, just tons of things.
Beautiful.


@5:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, I'm excited.


@5:08 - Thienvu Vo
Bro, if you can run an agency to $100,000 a month, you can run a consulting business to $200,000, $300,000 a month.
Yes, sir, bro. Yeah, George has only good things to say about you.


@5:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm very excited. Let's run it up, man.


@5:19 - Thienvu Vo
Let's do it, bro. Cool.


@5:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful. Mark, how was the meetup with Aiden yesterday, man? Was it fun?


@5:27 - mark siles
Yeah, bro. Real quick, bro. Happy birthday to you. Thank you.


@5:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you. appreciate it.


@5:31 - mark siles
It's Aiden's birthday too, right, bro? Yeah.


@5:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, you're with him right now? That's fire. Okay. Yeah, it was nice, bro.


@5:38 - mark siles
was nice.


@5:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I got to meet him.


@5:40 - mark siles
We walked around, talked about everything.


@5:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Pretty cool guy, bro.


@5:43 - mark siles
I love it. I love it.


@5:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No, it's sick that you guys are exploring, working together in New York, all of that. That's what it's all about.
But yeah, fire, man. I appreciate it as well.


@5:53 - mark siles
Of course. All right.


@5:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's go ahead and get started with the Q&A, guys. This is going to be a Q&A about basically whatever you guys want to go.
Go over, I'm going to provide as much personal advice, and we'll take it from there. Andrew, what's up?


@6:09 - Andrew Wilkes
There we go. Okay, so where's he at? Where's he at? Kevin, I took your advice. Yeah, I took your advice.
got my own. I got a journal just for this.


@6:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
With me?


@6:21 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, got.


@6:22 - Andrew Wilkes
Yesterday, you said you got a journal just for this.


@6:25 - Kevin Walton
Oh. I got a journal.


@6:27 - Andrew Wilkes
Like, I actually, yeah, I have a digital journal.


@6:29 - Kevin Walton
I have a, I had a journal obsession a few years ago. I just collected a bunch of journals, but I never used them.
I have a digital journal because I use my voice to capture it, but it is, it's the same thing.
It's very good to have, to just write out your thoughts. So that's really cool. Sick.


@6:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
God, here we go.


@6:52 - Andrew Wilkes
All right, talking about freebies, Sui. Yeah. So when we run our freebies, we had a video. Video did really well.
Like we got over like, I think 200 like CTA comments on our, on our tier list video the other day, in the last like five days.
And it's been good, but what we find, and this is probably pretty common for our industry, but we find a lot of people, we're kind of in this deciding phase of, do we just send the freebie?
And then they ghost, which is usually what happens. So what we started doing was a little bit of like a bait and switch, where we started to, instead of sending the freebie, when they would comment the word, we would DM them, and then basically like, hey man, just so I know what perfect guide to send over, what exact pain points are you having, so I know what to send you over, so we get the best one.
And it builds, we find it's like, we do get a higher retention rate in the DMs, but we find people just like, leave that on read.
But when we send the video, they, we like never get the conversation back, or people just tend not to watch it.
So we find, like, what would be the best best thing. It's like send the freebie and then try and build a conversation off it or start the conversation and send the freebie within the conversation like normal.


@8:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@8:07 - Andrew Wilkes
And then with the freebie, should it start with like a 30 to 50 minute VSL freebie or should it be like a 10 to 15 where it's like shorter?
Because like for us, we don't have the authority that you have. So for you, it's like a two hour long one and somebody's going to watch it.
But for us, it's like if we send like a 30 to an hour long VSL, the retention rate is super low.
Okay.


@8:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love that question. So what I would say, freebies in general, you want to keep them as easily consumable as possible.
And what I would have is a 10 to 20 minute video breaking it down, but then also you give them the document attached to it.
So they can either consume through the video or through document. And the reason why is because we've seen people consume more material, more information that way.
That's just across the board. You want to have different ways for them to consume it. That's one. The second thing is when it comes to freebie, what we're actually doing is we're split testing.
doing. So... So... We are doing like a freebie opt-in right now, and we have like a 5% pickup rate, which is terrible.
And what we're doing right now is we've pivoted towards like, hey, we're going to get someone to DM you this exact freebie or whatever.
We're going to get someone to call you. We want to call you so that we can send over a more personalized freebie.
So that works, but you have to understand that it only works to an extent because people want free .
And so the nature and the intent of the buyer that is opting in for a freebie is just much less compared to someone that's opting in for coaching.
Like it's just going to be way less. And so naturally, you're going to have majority of people ignore you anyways.
But what I will say, we've seen that opener work much better than before. We've seen that opener where it's like, hey, we kind of drag it out and we kind of drop it like towards the end of the conversation once we have a full understanding on their situation and we take it from there.
So I would do that, that opener and make the freebie more. Short and more easy, easier to consume. Cool?
Perfect. Thank you.


@10:06 - Andrew Wilkes
Awesome, man.


@10:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jai, what's up, bro?


@10:12 - Jai
You can hear me all good? Yes, yes.


@10:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Happy birthday, bro.


@10:15 - Jai
Thank you, man.


@10:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I appreciate it. I'm same age as you now, yeah?


@10:18 - Jai
I turned 21 six days ago. Oh, . Okay, okay, okay.


@10:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Fine. Yeah, we need to go to the US.


@10:30 - Jai
But yeah, my question is, right now, obviously, I'm at the stage now where I'm pretty much going all in.
I've got like two weeks left uni, so I'm like fully focused. We've just onboarded a new setter. I've just got a new editor.
The only thing that I think needs to be changed right now is my, the video in my bio is basically a video and it's called, it's done good.
But it's, I was broke at 19, now I closed 50k a month. Here's the blueprint. But I was thinking in the video,
It basically tells them how to do it for free, and then when it says work me one-on-one, it's a straight calendar link, and a few people said to me, that's like, bad, maybe I should have like a VSL to a calendar link, so I just wanted to get your opinion on if I should change the video, and if I should get some sort of like landing page made or something like that.


@11:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, how many videos, how many views does your video get?


@11:20 - Jai
It's on 1.1k.


@11:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
1.1k views, so naturally, the opt-in to booking a call is going to be less than like 3%, just the nature of how it works, right?
You shouldn't be worried about conversion, you should be getting more views and more attention to it, and you should be understanding like, from the buyer's perspective, is this video enough for me to get someone to book in a call?
Like, I want you to think in that perspective, and so, like, people say landing pages all the time, I didn't have a landing page until I was at like 150.
Like, Straight up, like a lot of you guys overcomplicate the entire scaling process. Realistically, you just need to get hyper-guided content, read your prospect's mind, be so good in market research.
And it's the boring answer that you don't want to hear, but it's the truth. I scale to 150K a month with one setter, one editor, and one VA, three-man team.
And so you guys are sitting here with like an entire like super complicated process in all of this. And the reality is it's like, okay, best case scenario, if we added that VSL, right?
If we added that VSL and okay, out of the 1,100 views, maybe 50 people click on that link. You can track the link, the link clicks, right?
So track how many link clicks. And all that 50, like is it really a problem right now? You need to ask yourself that question, and is the opportunity cost of...
Spending five days creating that VSL worth it to appeal to 10 people that watches the VSL, you know? So I would reverse engineer the stats and the amount of people that actually click on that video, and I would see if I even need a VSL.
That's the most important thing. And then from there, you ask yourself, like, okay, is it worth it for me to spend time, spend three to five days creating this piece of sales asset?
Or should I spend this time doubling down on top of funnel or middle of funnel content that more people would see?
Because a VSL is not something that your whole audience sees. It's something that 5% of your audience sees. And if 5% of your audience is not a significant amount of number, there's no point.
There's no point at all, you know? Yeah.


@13:43 - Jai
But what about the video that, like, obviously the VSL probably isn't needed now because there's just not enough eyeballs on it, which I totally agree with.
In terms of the YouTube video, like, what message should they have at the end of the YouTube video? Should it be, this guy's giving out so much value?
What could he give me more? Should it be, oh, you know, this guy solved one problem. I probably need to work with him to work one-on-one.
That's the thing that I'm a little bit confused on. So each video is a different CTA.


@14:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It depends if you give them value. Like, what is that YouTube video doing specifically right now?


@14:15 - Jai
It's basically just, I talk like five minutes about my story, and then I talk over a presentation, basically talking about what remote closing is, and like a 60-day blueprint for them, how they're going to get enrolled, how they're to land it off for free, do outreach, stuff like that.


@14:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so it's like a blueprint for them to get into high-ticket sales.


@14:33 - Jai
Yeah. And so you can say that, like, is it actionable? Yeah.


@14:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
If it's actionable, and they, you essentially, like the CTA would make sense of, if they want more hands-on support, they can click on the link in bio.
Simple as that. So it's an extension of what you've already given them, and if what you've given them is already good, they would want more of what you're giving them.
Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay.


@14:56 - Jai
Yeah.


@14:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool? Yeah, appreciate it.


@14:59 - Jai
Awesome.


@15:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Um, I, I wouldn't stress too much about CTAs and all of this, like, I don't have any CTAs on my videos, and, you know, we, we get people booking in all the time.
I'll have, like, a specific module section on this in the cohort, uh, which we'll, which we'll do, like, starting next week, but then again, you want to ask yourself, like, do I really speak to my avatar, and if I'm targeting B2C, 1.1k views may be decent, but it's like, if you're targeting, bro, like, realistically a billion people, who wouldn't want to make money online in a first world country, you know, you're targeting hundreds of millions, if not a billion people, and so you should really, like, look at that as, as, as a, you should look at that, and if you run any type of B2C, you should be printing reviews, and you should be spending all of your time studying these creators that capture attention, and that understand how to captivate an audience.
Like, you have to understand this to a T. And I told you this, Jai, you're naturally a funny person, but I don't see that in the content at all.
You know, the person, the Jai that I met in Sweden, and the Jai that I know personally, is completely different from the Jai that I know online.
So you have to do a better job of finding the right formats to show more of who you are, compared to you trying to put on a persona that you're the super professional person.
Because, man, there's guys like T.J.R. that just become, that they just completely themselves, and they make millions off of this.
Lean into that. T.J.R. is the perfect guy to lean into. Especially since your personality meshes with his, you know what mean?
Awesome. Cool, brother. Hope that helps. Emma, what's up?


@16:47 - Emma Lavri
Well, happy birthday. And funny thing, my birthday is in 10 days, like the 20th of April, so really close.
Awesome.


@16:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm not turning 21, I'm turning 24, a bit older.


@17:02 - Emma Lavri
But I'm moving to a new apartment now, that has a really nice view, here where I live in Andorra, and also, I'm getting a new car, and what I wanted to ask you, because I'm saying it all before I turn 23, so, before I turn 24, so I wanted to ask you, what is your advice on how to position this in my content, because I don't want to just show off, okay, I'm getting a brand new M4, or whatever it is.
M4? M4, M4, that's a nice car, that's a really nice car, congrats. M4, I've been wanting it for so long, I was like, okay, maybe six months ago was not the moment, but now it is, right before I turn 24, so, what is your recommendation on how to position it, because I also post content under the same philosophy you do, that I'm not, like, showing off luxurious things, how would you do it?


@17:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
M4, I love this question, I love this question, so, the first thing, let's start with the apartment, you know, naturally, apartment.
is gonna do well, and what I've been able to do, is honestly just say like, hey, you know, I'm moving into this apartment, like, first of all, show that you're in the apartment, and show your genuine reaction, like, I don't know if you guys watch back my content, but I essentially filmed my raw reaction of the view that I saw in my apartment for the first time, and that was my first time ever going and stepping foot in the apartment, it was super authentic, it was super natural, and then I filmed my reaction, raw reaction of how, like, insane this was, and so, and then after that, I filmed the raw sit-down video of, like, how do I feel after buying, or not buying, like, you know, living in my dream apartment that I've always wanted to, and then I've tied it back to, like, the 16-year-old version of myself, and the fact that I had this on my vision board, and I wanted a view like this, and now I can, I turned, I materialized, and I turned a dream that I had into a reality, and I live it, and see this view every single day, so.
I didn't act like, oh, I've been here before, which really felt authentic and genuine. Like a lot of people, you know, when you go on a business class flight and, you know, there's some people that just act super cool and is like super nonchalant about it.
Show your genuine reaction. Be completely transparent and just show your reaction and then sit down and talk about how you used to dream about moments like this.
And the 15-year-old, 16-year-old version of Emma would be screaming right now if she saw the 23-year-old of Emma living in an apartment like this.
And so you tie it back to like the old version of yourself and you kind of build that transformation feel, you know.
So it doesn't feel like you're a guru. It feels like you're very down to earth. You're very, you know, you're still very humble.
And so it's very, very important to capture the raw reactions and the raw moments. And the moment that, you know, the landlord goes out and, know, she shows you everything, you're sitting down in the apartment, set up the camera and just talk.
You know, just talk. Like, how do you feel? You know, how do you feel? know, what would the 15-year-old version of
I must say, and what does this mean to you? Because it's not actually the view that matters. It's the fact that you said you would accomplish it, and you went out there and did it.
Does that make sense? The key to capturing these moments is to make sure that you're in your most raw, authentic version of yourself.
And you're capturing those moments. And so instead of you doing it, going into your apartment and getting that whole, feeling the raw reactions and then filming it three days after, it's not going to hit the same.
Again, it's not going to hit the same. So it's very important that you capture the moment. Okay? That's the apartment.
Now, the second thing is the car, right? Well, you're bossing up, you're leveling up now.


@20:42 - Emma Lavri
Yeah, can imagine. It's sick.


@20:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So with the car, what I would say is like, I was thinking about this as well. I was debating between buying a car or investing back into the business.
And I chose to invest back in the business. But if I did buy a car, here's how I would have positioned.
I would have positioned it like, hey, I've already taken care of everyone around me and done what I wanted to do.
The people around me are taken care of. I'm paying rent for me and my brother. I paid my own fees.
I've gave so much money to my family, to my parents. I bought them extremely nice gifts. I've taken them on vacations.
I've done all of that. Now it's time to treat myself. Now it's time to treat myself. I've taken care of the people around me, the people that I love, the people that brought me to this point.
And now it's time to take care of myself. And this is the perfect time to do it. This is the perfect time to, I've been wanting it for so long, but I've held back because I wanted to take care of the people around me.
And now I finally feel like I can reward myself. Boom. You know? So it feels like, wow, this person is, first of all, she's different, you know, because not only did she get a car, but she's just not showing, she's not showing it off.
She took care of the people around her first. And then. She decided to take care of herself. If you do it the right way, you could get a million views easily.
And then what I would do, what I would do as well, I'd go a step further to get your parents and your family's raw reaction.
Surprise them, don't tell them. I hope you haven't told them. That's what I'm gonna do. And it's gonna be like a super cool moment.
You can drive them around, set up the camera inside the car, drive them around. It's like a full circle moment.
can make it a whole vlog. I would do that. And you can get like five different reels from a car, a new car.
Guys, don't think you guys understand how long I've been thinking about getting a car. Like I'm a, I love cars.
You know, I'm like, I know I say it in my branding, like, you know, I, um, no car, all this, but like, that's like the, the character that I'm playing and the brand that I'm playing.
But I love a car. And so I've thought about this all. So I would do like a full on vlog.
And yeah, like something along those lines. And yeah, like, I think that that would do really well for you.
Okay.


@22:59 - Emma Lavri
I love it. I love it. I'm going to do that because actually in January, paid off my grandparents' debt, all of it.


@23:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There you go.


@23:06 - Emma Lavri
And I recorded it, so I have the video as well. I didn't post it or anything, but I think now is definitely the moment.


@23:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. I would be like, what are the three things that you did that show that you take care of your loved ones?


@23:18 - Emma Lavri
And then now it's your turn.


@23:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Now it feels like, wow, she's like, she's so different from the other people that just buy cars and show it straight away.
Okay. usually when people make their first 100K online, they just buy a car for themselves. It's always about me.
It's never about the people around them. So that's the position that you take. Okay.


@23:37 - Emma Lavri
Okay. Thank you very much. Awesome. Of course.


@23:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'll send a picture once I have it.


@23:41 - Emma Lavri
Yes.


@23:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes. Send it in a group chat. I inspire everyone.


@23:45 - Emma Lavri
We'll do.


@23:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What color are you going to get it?


@23:48 - Emma Lavri
The one I bought is green, but I'll probably change the color to some kind of white. I still don't know.
Either black or white. I'm not sure. I have to think about it. Is it like a dark green? Uh, no, it's light green.


@24:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Whoa, okay, that's different. Yes, because here in Andorra, there's only one car that's this color.


@24:10 - Emma Lavri
Wow.


@24:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And there's no women that have a supercar here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to be the only one. Yeah, I love it, I love it.
In all the car clubs and anything, no women around. Wow. So it's going to be interesting. You should talk about that as well.
Yeah.


@24:25 - Emma Lavri
100% talk about that.


@24:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. Film those videos, let me know how it goes, all right? Will do, will do, thank you.


@24:30 - Emma Lavri
Awesome.


@24:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Um, I'm going say Nigel because the skin tone matches Nigel.


@24:35 - Andrew Wilkes
I told you. Yeah, you got it. You got it.


@24:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You got it.


@24:40 - Andrew Wilkes
Yo, buddy. I have a question that sort of can grow up with what God was saying earlier in terms of, can you hear me all right?
Yeah, yeah, In terms of everything, um, I was sort of just thinking, um, about where I stand with everything as a whole and as someone that has a bigger following.
And honestly, I'm... I'm... I'm Nice with content, like I love making content, I can make content that gets views, but I've been approaching my business, and almost like diluting and watering down what I'm good at to sort of be more of a expert, if you will, and be perceived as an expert.
And my views have been tanking, like I've been looking over the last like year of me posting content, like since I started trying to raise my perceived value and showcase that I'm an expert, my views and the one thing that I'm good at is being diluted.
You know what mean? So the thought that I had in my head was to, I already started to transition to go back to doing what I'm good at, getting eyeballs, getting attention, right?
And then, like you mentioned, like guys like TGR, you know, people like that, these guys are all running landing pages, right?
Where people come in and they put, you know, they access whatever, free training, a VSL, right? But as of right now, I'm not doing any of that.
And then I'm having my setter just do inbound outreach when I feel like that would make better use of my strong points, honestly.
So my question to you was, should I make a landing page, have a VSL, and sort of cater my business as someone like TGR would, or guys that are getting a lot of eyeballs and a lot of traffic, right?
Also running B2C offers, and sort of handle it that way, rather than more of like a, essentially what I'm doing now, which is having my setter just do inbound outreach.


@26:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So what makes you, I guess like my question is, what makes you feel like, okay, that's like gonna change everything?


@26:41 - Andrew Wilkes
Well, I just feel like right now, I'm not doing what I'm best at. You know what I mean? I feel like I'm focusing too much on trying to be perceived as a expert.


@26:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So in my content, I'm just getting way less reach.


@26:57 - Andrew Wilkes
And I'm almost like, I don't know. I just feel like I'm diluting what I'm best at. When I could just be getting more attention, more eyeballs, focused on doing what works, and then just filtering out with the VSL on a landing page and then having my set or dial the qualified leads.


@27:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. So the reason why you're facing this problem is because, first of all, you've tried to recreate a brand, an image that is not serving you, that doesn't feel like you.
And so you're trying to play into a persona, just because it, you know, potentially could generate you more sales, generate you more cash, whatever the case may be.
Like, that's the fundamental reason why you don't feel aligned with the content. What that means is you need a reverse engineer.
Like, why? Okay, what is the content pieces that you enjoy posting? And why did that work? Right? Like, reverse engineer, like, why did it work?
Okay, because I felt truly, like, in line with the message that I was sharing. Yeah.


@27:56 - Andrew Wilkes
This was me.


@27:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
This was something that I needed to hear, like, the past version of myself. Self-needed to hear this, and X, Y, Z.
And I would reverse engineer that, and then I would reverse engineer the new content as to why it doesn't feel like you.
And what you'll see is that you can package the new content that you've been posting that's positioning you as an expert in the old format that Nigel is good at.
That's the thing, the tier list videos and stuff, yes, it gets you views, yes, it gets you things, but sometimes it just doesn't feel like it's you, which is why I didn't do it.
I did it once, and I was like, yes, this could get me views, this could get me leads, but it doesn't feel like me, so I didn't do it.
Your thing is, like, how can you talk about, you know, ranking content formats or ranking X, Y, Z in a Nigel type of fashion?
And what I mean by that is you have to reverse engineer, like, what makes you enjoy this type of content compared to this type of content?
And if you can do this type, if you can do the expert type of content in this way, that's how you're going to do well.
So I would really spend time reflecting and looking back at what you enjoyed. And what was good about that content, and then implement it into the kind of expert space.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Because you were good at the, you're good at talking to the camera, you're good at like the raw talk, like that Kevin is saying, you're good at calling an ICP out and making them feel like, hey, I resonate with this person.
But what you need to do a better job of is you need to not just appeal to such a wide demographic, but appeal to a, you know, you can still appeal to a wide demographic, but just go more niche on your, you know, middle funnel nurturing videos.
That's what you need to get better at. And once we get good at that, bro, it's wraps, it's going to be so much easier for you.
But right now it, it, it almost feels as if it's two completely different types of formats and you're forcing yourself to go from this to this, because you think that this will generate you more sales.
But if you just stick to this and you apply the expert stuff and the topics into this type of format, bro, you do well, you're, you're forcing.
Get to do formats just to get sales, which is why you feel like that. But what you can do is you can talk about the same content topic in the formats that you're good at and rip it like that.
Got you.


@30:11 - Andrew Wilkes
Right. That sort of just validates everything that I was already thinking because I was already brainstorming on just like, how can I take my expertise and put them into the packaging that I'm good at.
yeah. Yeah.


@30:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Does that kind of make sense though? Yeah.


@30:27 - Andrew Wilkes
So, as far as like the landing page, VSL, having my set or dial, like, do you think that's a no-go or do you think that's?


@30:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think for you, because you get a lot of views and a good amount of people would watch your stuff, I think a VSL would be pretty useful.
Dialing, I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that. Let's stick to the DMs because, right, like even I'm not implementing dialing.
Like when I scaled to, out of, when we did 408 last month, none of it came from dials. It all came from the DMs.
DMs or self bookings. So you trying to introduce a third way of booking calls, in my opinion, it's just unnecessary.
It just means that you need to be more intentional with your content and build more trust. It's the question that it's the answer that is so boring, that you already know, but you just have to do it.
And I truly believe if you spent time going over your dream follower worksheet, bro, you get so much clarity, you'll get so much clarity and so much more insight on exactly what you have to do.
Cause you already have the brand for it, man. You already have the brand for it. Okay.


@31:36 - Andrew Wilkes
Sounds good. Cool.


@31:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Do your dream follower worksheet. I'm going to, the next Friday call, we're going to like dive into each person's dream follower worksheet and we'll dial it in.
And when we're in Miami, I can actually like look in like what format you should rip as well. Okay.
I'm probably not going to be in Miami, but NYC, I'll be there. Okay, cool. That works. Awesome. Andrew, what's up, brother?


@32:02 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, so kind of going back to the funnel. So we've ran like the VSL stuff for quite a while.
That's been like our main like acquisition. We love it because like for anybody out there, really a small following, like your authority is so low when they're in the DMs.
don't care about you the way like, like when somebody DMs Nigel, they've probably been following for months and they see him as like this authority or same with SooWei.
But like for the VSL for us, it's like, oh, this, I like this guy. I get to see his personality and like, and like authority and like, oh, he actually knows what he's talking about.
can actually help me, right? So it kind of like speed runs that process of like the nurturing process that comes from organic.
So the VSL is great. But SooWei, something we're adding right now, and I want your opinion on this. I'm actually going to record on Tela your answer so I can send it to my team.
But so right now we're working on like a, like a low ticket funnel. So we're running ads for like a low ticket funnel.
So we're basically we're selling like the $19 course through ads on. one specific thing that we're really good at.
I can break that down. So we're basically running it down on like sales and offer creation for fitness coaches, and like why they can't charge enough, right?
In there, we're also going to have like freebies on like content and stuff like that. It's going to be like kind of like a full course, but like for $19.
And then from there, from there, we're going to have like all of their info. And now we know that they're already warm.
They're like, I'm prepared to pump a decent amount into ads for this. And then from there, we're going to basically be charging the $19.
Right now, our average cost per lead is close. It's pretty good. cost per lead is like, is like 20 bucks.
So if we run it for $19, with all that value, the way we're running our ads, the whole goal is to get them to basically pay for our ad spend.
If we get one person per day, that pays for our ad spend. And we've seen it work for quite a few people like Alfie gets hard, or Alfie stays hard.
That guy, like he ran, we know multiple people who have ran like these low ticket funnels and they rip, especially see.
And we're For like guys with small followings. Right. And then from there, I have like a background in sales.
So I have a few people that I know who are good at like cold calling. So from there, we're going to have them, I'm going to hire them for like basically a setter percentage to do dialing from there and then book them in for calls because then we already have them.
We know they're interested. We know they're warm. We know they have like, they've done the course. They're going to be interested.
It's a lot of moving parts, but I probably break it down better on a one-on-one. What?


@34:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. You just want like my overall opinion on it?


@34:34 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah. Genuinely. Like if we should be doing that or if we should just stick to basically running our ads and our content towards like a VSL funnel, like we've already been doing, but we're going to do both.
That's the thing. We're going to do both, but we just want to try it out. want your opinion on it.


@34:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's your role as on the current VSL funnel?


@34:53 - Andrew Wilkes
I think eight. I think it's an 8%. Bro, why don't you just double down on that?


@34:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're overcomplicating it, bro.


@34:58 - Andrew Wilkes
Like if I have a, if I can put.


@35:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
$1,000 and get $8,000 out. I'm going to put my house on that. If I have 100K, I'm to put 100K into that.
It's so easy, and I think so many of us overcomplicate it, and we want to add new things, and we see this new thing that's happening, and this new shiny object, oh, this person in the industry is doing well with this, I'm going to do it as well.
Bro, you have an 8X ROAS, just do what's working. Your best case scenario is, like, your best case scenario in the low ticket is most likely your current scenario right now with an 8X ROAS.
If you got an 8X ROAS with the low ticket funnel, you'd be over the moon, right? And so it's like, you already have an 8X ROAS funnel, just stick to that funnel, just double down on it.
And what I would do, instead of you doing the whole low ticket, like, I think low ticket is honestly, like, real , and I'll tell you why, but why don't we just do, position that as a freebie?
Position that as, like, a $44,000. dollar offer that you were selling in the past. And now you're getting it for free.
And we just dial every single one of those leads and we cold call them. That would be 10 times better.
Because now we get more opt-ins, we get a ton more people signing up, all of that. And people will perceive you as someone that's not trying to make money on the first day.
They'll be like, oh, Andrew's different. I've never been a fan of low ticket because I'm like, look, I genuinely feel low ticket is such a, it's such an overconfident.
It is such an overcomplicated way to nurture leads when you can do it with the free content. And the reason why we have our double your business in 30 days challenge for free is because all we're doing is we're dialing up every single one of these leads.
We've booked like 20, 30 calls from it, all that. You'd be better off positioning that as a very, very exclusive freebie to 100 people every month.
And then you dial them on the back end and you pitch them. on calls, and you run the same funnel that you're running right now.
Sometimes you just got to hear it from another person.


@37:06 - Andrew Wilkes
You doing a low ticket funnel when you have an 8X ROAS on your other funnel is the most stupid thing I've ever heard.
Okay.


@37:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You know, because it doesn't make sense. It's a new shiny object. You already have something that's working. Double down on this, double down on your middle funnel, top of funnel content, your organic content, scale up from there.
Okay. It's not like you've, like your main thing that will lead from an 8X to a 16X ROAS is not some type of freebie front end funnel.
It's going to be better content. So if you add another thing to the mix, it's just going to make it more complicated.
Make it simple. Position that as a freebie, $4,000 for free for the next hundred people. Get a bunch of opt-ins, dial these guys, do what you're doing right now, get better at content.
That's it. Okay. Okay.


@37:50 - Andrew Wilkes
I think, I think my problem with the shiny object thing is, is, is like Jeremy, Jeremy Haynes, for example.
Right. So like I've looked into Jeremy. Haynes for quite a while, and my assistant, we basically paid for him to do like his like course, program, team calls, stuff like that, and what we found was he just has such a diversification of like his acquisition, I feel like our acquisition is just so like one way right now, right, that's why we came for like content with you, is because our acquisition was like only ads, so ads and DM strategy, so it's like, I think my whole theory was just like diversify the acquisition.


@38:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The way that I look at it, that's a good, you have to realize that Jeremy's talking to guys that are trying to scale to a mil a month.


@38:38 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah. So it's like.


@38:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
They have more money to pump everywhere. They have more money, they're already, majority of them are industry leaders, they already have an audience, they're already well known in the space, all of these things, so you have to take advice over grain of salt, especially the stuff that you guys see online, that's like the most important thing.
Take advice over grain of salt, and understand where people are coming from, and who they're actually talking to, and for you and.
Andrew, it's like, everything that you're talking to me about the brand that you're trying to build and the business you're trying to build would be better with an organic brand.
So why don't we double down on some type of cold funnel ad, you know, like, instead of just doubling down on the organic, you know?
Yeah. Okay.


@39:13 - Andrew Wilkes
Cool.


@39:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah.


@39:15 - Andrew Wilkes
I'm here to just listen. That's why I asked. So thank you. Let's do it. I appreciate it.


@39:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I that helps, brother. Yeah, sending that to my team right now.


@39:22 - Andrew Wilkes
Tell them to shut the slow.


@39:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Emma, I'll get to you in a second. I think Tian Vu doesn't know how to raise his hand.
I think he sent a message a while back. I just saw it. You wanted me to review your content, yeah?


@39:34 - Thienvu Vo
Yeah, I think, like, the biggest thing is, like, I want to, okay, well, yeah, like, review my content as of now, but I want to take my content in the direction of, like, positioning myself as the mentor that has an agency connected to it.
So, like, the way I want to do that is, like, document my journey on, like, going viral in campaigns with my creators.
So it's like... like... we'll go. Talk like workshopping inspo lists, like doing like the raw things in my agency.
That's the direction I want to take it. But then I'm thinking like, how will that play into targeting my ICP?
Like it probably won't. But like, yeah, if I want to position myself as like the mentor that has an agency connected to it, like, yeah, I don't know like how to do that.


@40:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I can review your content, but I think that would actually do you a disservice. The thing that would help more is if I showed you exactly how to pinpoint what makes you different and what makes you unique so that you could show that more in your content.
So what I mean by that is like, man, how many people can say they run a six-figure-a-month agency that helps UGC creators?
Not a lot. That is your core pillar. That is one of your personal branding pillars. You should be known as...
as... The guy that works with these corporate companies and you know like these companies that are huge are looking for these creators and it's a massive in-demand gap and so you are not the person that quit their job and scaled their business and all that like no no no you're already established you're already doing well you're talking to these huge brands and companies and you should talk about that and then the fact that you realize that there was a huge gap because there were too many people that were not good at UGC.
And so now we run a mission to fill this gap and help regular day-to-day people quit their jobs and go into UGC because you run an agency and so your angle like the way that I look at your angle you should take the positioning of like I don't need your money I make 100k I make six figures a month this is truly out of me wanting to help you I have no incentive I'm not a course seller I already make seven figures a year this is pure game for you to get into the space that's the positioning so
What that does is it lowers everyone's sales resistance. Instead of you looking like someone that's trying to sell a regular UGC coaching offer, you're like, I already make money.
I don't need your money. I work with these brands. This is what people, this is what the companies look for.
You know what I mean? That's the angle that you should take. And you need to look like someone that is already doing that number.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Let me take a look at your page. You need to look at someone that's doing that number. So what I'm going to, obviously, Yash is going to be hosting Monday Calls starting next week.
So that'll be really fun. But you just need to look like someone that's already established and already running a hyper successful company.


@42:47 - Thienvu Vo
Yeah.


@42:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I would really lean into the fact that, you know, like I told Jamar this. I'm sure you know Jamar, He's in the UGC.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I told Jamar that like you have a very similar problem to what he did in the
past. It's very like Gen Z. And even though that's good, you need to lean more into being a established founder that is trying to help people get out.
And so this feels as if it's very, very catered towards a college demographic and a younger demographic, which is good, but they don't have cash.
They don't have any money, I can tell you that. And the reason why Jamar really scaled that fast, think last month he did 43, was because he dialed in his perception.
He went from targeting the regular, you know, college kids to a much more sophisticated ICP and nine to fivers.
And that's what worked really well. So I would completely rebrand everything about your style. I would completely rebrand your image and your perception.
And I would even go a step further to not use regular TikTok style captions in the videos, because this feels very Gen Z.
And you can appeal to that, but you just have to do mass volume. So it depends who your ICP is, which is why I
Dream follower worksheet is very important. I want you to watch the Wednesday callback. Watch the Wednesday callback. Look at the ICP worksheet.
It's already in the general chat somewhere. You can look at that link and be clear on your ICP because the ICP that would buy from you, that is the more corporate ICP, will not look at a page like this and buy.
There's no intentionality in terms of the edits, the perception, the lighting, the camera, nothing. So, I would really lean into the perception that you want to share, who you're trying to target, and ask yourself, like, would a 9-to-5er want to speedrun it?
Or would a lazy 9-to-5, or would a lazy college kid that wants to make a quick money online want to speedrun it?
So, the wording that you're using, the phrasing, the questions, all of that, that all matters. Okay? Yeah.


@44:50 - Thienvu Vo
Cool.


@44:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Fire.


@44:52 - Thienvu Vo
Okay. Sounds good. Watch the Wednesday call.


@44:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Fill out the worksheet. It'll help you out of time. Okay? Bet. Awesome.


@45:00 - Thienvu Vo
Hope that helps, brother.


@45:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Emma, what's up?


@45:05 - Emma Lavri
I wanted to ask, what do you think about, considering I still haven't done any sales call, like I DM close people, I've closed the client that paid me 5k when I did the price increase, as I've talked with George.
I sent her a loom, a loom explaining the whole offer, as if I did the call, so I did a loom and explained the whole offer, applied to her in this case.
Do you think that's a good approach, considering slowly I will definitely migrate to sales calls for the big offer, the high ticket, but do you think for the mid ticket it is okay?


@45:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So how much is the mid ticket? 5k.


@45:46 - Emma Lavri
She paid in full. How many looms have you sent? For now, two. And this one has paid in full, and then the second one, she probably, she says that she wants to finance it, so I said to her, okay, like we can talk.
Talk about it. The price will increase to 6K, and she can make now like a first payment of 2K or something like that, and then we'll figure it out.
What do you think about this?


@46:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The way that I look at it is that it's working right now because there's a price increase and there's artificial urgency.
And it comes to a certain point where it's like, will this work without the price increase? And, you know, because there's no urgency for them to say yes or no, because you're not on the call, you're not there to handle objections.
And I think for a warm market, and the fact that you're so good at content, Emma, and like your personal brand is already very established, it works now.
But there will reach a certain point where you sell all the warmest people in your audience that you'll need to hop on calls.
And what I would do right now is I'd very intentionally track how many people are actually saying yes to the loom.
And the moment that that dips below like 60%, I would hop on calls. Because that means you've gotten past your super warm leads.
So the way that I look at a funnel, this is very, very important. Let me do a little. Whiteboard session real quick, this is really cool.
So, this right here is, can you guys see this little whiteboard thing?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@47:08 - Emma Lavri
Yeah. Okay.


@47:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Imagine this is your following, right? This is the middle, and this is warm. So, these people right here are extremely warm.
That's who's paying in the DMs right now. But look at your entire, this is your entire audience. This is your entire, like, your entire personal branding audience.
How many followers do have, Emma?


@47:39 - Emma Lavri
Uh, two thousand, two, uh, two, three, zero. Okay. 230K.


@47:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. So, 230K over here, right? We can assume that, let's say, five percent of them are, like, super, super warm and qualified.
That's actually not too good of a... So how many people would you say are qualified in this 230? Hard to say, huh?
15, I'd say, or not even that. 15,000? Yeah, or less.


@48:14 - Emma Lavri
I mean, I don't know how to track this, actually. I don't know.


@48:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. So you kind of get the idea. It's like, it's hard to track, but eventually you'll know when you kind of run out of super, super warm leads.
And then what that means is that you have to kind of go towards a more, not a cold audience, but a warm audience.
Now, this is the warm audience. And these are people that need sales calls. And then you obviously have the outside, which is the cold.
And these need not just, they don't need a sales call right now. They need hours of watching content. Think about the first time you guys watched me, right?
Think about the first time you guys watched me. My goal. My was not to close you over here. My goal was to get you from here to here and then from there to there.
And for you to go from orange to red, oftentimes it needed a sales call. Now, a lot of you were already like hot leads.
You guys could have piffed in the DMs. And your cold goal is to constantly build your pipeline and your funnel to get people from cold to warm to hot.
Right now, you already have a hot audience. So keep on doing that and track the percentage very, very closely.
And the moment that that percentage will start to drop, that means that you've gotten like this is like kind of gone now.
This is gone. And the people that you have to help now are in the orange. Now, what that means is sales calls are easier to convert them.
And also, you need to build up your pipeline again. So last month was an amazing month because we did 408, all that.
We essentially don't have any hot leads this month. Some of the people that are on sales calls are a bit more like maybe one or two objections here and there, but they're not laydowns as they were before because the price increase got all the hot leads through the door.
So now my goal is to bring these guys over here and so I can nurture them better, can post more case studies, can post more client interviews, but you get the idea.
You need to essentially look at your funnel and be like, okay, where's majority of my audience and what would be the best thing that I can do to get them from this point to this point?
So if no one's DMing you, that means they're all cold, you need to turn it from cold to warm, don't think about turning them from cold to hot, that's when you up and that's when your content doesn't work, there's too much sales resistance, people push you away, it's too salesy, you want to do it one step at a time.
So what would slowly get them from cold, like, oh, like who is this guy, to then slowly like, okay, like warm, like okay, this guy gets a lot of case studies, he gets a lot of results, he has trust, he has morals, values, all of that.
And then into a hot. Top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel. If you need more people in the cold, you don't have enough people in your entire pipeline, do top of funnel.
If you have enough people in your pipeline, but they're not converting, you need to turn them warm, do middle of funnel.
This is videos that break down limiting beliefs, talk about why your service is different. And then bottom of funnel is the client interviews, the case studies, the breakdowns, all of that, that shows that you're extremely competent.
Depending on where your audience is right now, that's how you do it. Does that make sense to every single one of you?
I hope this is a very, very clear analogy. Don't mind the drawing and all that, but that's what I would say.
Okay. Does that make sense, Emma? Okay.


@51:49 - Emma Lavri
Yeah. And one last thing, considering I maybe have a lot of cold audience, how do you turn them into warm?
What would you say is the, like, how do I measure? Actually, if they're more cold or warm or actually hot.


@52:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, if you reach out to people and people are just not, you know, responding to you, that means they're cold.
So you can track your reply rate, your outbound reply rate. That's a very, very good way to test, extremely good way to test.
And oftentimes people will, you know, be a bit more uncertain, I would say, of like replying to you. So that's when you know they're cold.
And what you need to do is you need to, first of all, attend a Wednesday group calls, because next week we're going to go over exactly that.
But I'll give you a quick rundown. Essentially, it's like, if you can pinpoint exactly how you can get them to respect you first and like you, they'll respond to you.
So it's not even like, oh, people don't respond because they know that you can help them. If they respect you and they like you, they'll respond to you.
Think about it. And so it's one of the two that you're lacking, either the respect or the likeability and the relatability.
So respect, how can you? How that you're living their dream life and you're admirable as a person? And a likability, how can you show that you are someone that they can relate to?
Like if you DM, if Cristiano Ronaldo DM'd you right now, everyone would reply to him. Because we all respect him.
And it's also partly because of relatability, because we knew his upbringing, he didn't come from, he didn't come from much, right?
So if he DM'd us, bro, even if it's , even if it's , it's his setter, we'd reply. Like, what the hell?
It's Cristiano Ronaldo. And so it's like, how can you kind of build that admiration within your viewers? Because if you can build admiration, they'll respond to you.
You'll get whatever you want. That's the first foot in the door. Okay?


@53:43 - Emma Lavri
Perfect. Thank you. Awesome. Hope that helps.


@53:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nigel, you're getting darker and darker, bro. How can I help, bro?


@53:54 - Andrew Wilkes
No, just another question, just for clarification. I'm definitely going to make the tweaks when it comes to my content and all this.
That diagram helped out. I feel like I have a lot of people in the cold, but I don't have enough content that's actually making them, you know, get into the warm.
Yeah. But about the landing page, like what if it was just a self book, you know, they self book and then I have my center just call everyone that books in.
Like, what do you think about that? Because I feel like if I ran a YouTube video in my, in my bio, for example, I feel like the intentions is different than having a landing page there.
Like from a customer's perspective, like, what do you think?


@54:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Man, if I wanted to book in a call of you, I'd, I'd book it one way or another.


@54:38 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah. You know, I don't think this will deter, like you're showing my book calls right now, right? Yeah. I don't think this is going to be like a huge game changer.


@54:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think this could be something you could try because naturally, I mean, a VSL would help out in general.
would do, it would serve more than just booking you calls. But one thing I'd say is that. I don't want you to look at that and think like, oh, wow, that's going to get me to the next level.
That's going to absolutely change everything. That's going to help with a bit more trust building. But then again, it's like, if someone wanted to book in a call, bro, they'd book in whether it's through DMs or through a website.
It doesn't matter. At the end of the day, it's like, I could take out all my links in my websites and my YouTube bio and my Instagram, everything.
And people would still DM me. If you're not getting those DMs of people asking, like, how can I book in with you?
And how can I pay you thousands of dollars? That means your content isn't good enough. So it goes back to the same problem that we're trying to constantly avoid.
But if we just like double down on this, like, we do better. So I would say like, do it, you know, run it, run see how it goes, but don't have crazy high expectations that it's going to change everything in your business because it's not, it's just going to help you out.
The main bottleneck and the main thing that's going to move a needle. before for you is dialing in that middle funnel content that turns cold audience into a warm and hot audience.
That diagram that I showed, your audience is all blue as right now. It's all cold. So how can you bring them from there over to like the warm and the hot?


@56:16 - Andrew Wilkes
You know what I mean? Gotcha. And they already like you.


@56:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
They already admire you, right? You have the lifestyle that they want. Like you're already doing well. And so how can you show that you were like them in the past or along those lines and get them to want to listen to you.
Okay. Gotcha.


@56:33 - Andrew Wilkes
Appreciate it. I'm going to balance down a little bit. Thank you for today's call. Of course.


@56:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Yeah. Hope you guys enjoyed this call. Any other questions before we wrap up? You guys are all good.


@56:47 - kennedy davis
No. Happy birthday though. Thank you.


@56:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you. I appreciate it, Kennedy.


@56:52 - kennedy davis
Yeah, of course. And that, that diagram too was helpful because I didn't even, I love, I had, I had some things before this, but I hopped on in the right time to hear that.
Because, like, I don't even know how you think of things like that, but it's like, yeah, that's so true.
Yeah, that's so true of like, you need to understand where that buyer is, like their journey so far.


@57:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Because, yeah, you're right.


@57:12 - kennedy davis
It's like some people just might be coming in and like, you can't even expect to like hit them with like, oh, we're going to piff or lay them down or things like that.
So that was solid.


@57:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, happy birthday for sure. Thank you. Would a lot, would visual diagrams help you guys? Would you guys want more visual diagrams in the cohort?
Because I think a lot of you guys are visual learners as well. Right. Like, I can, I can yap all day, but a drawing will help out a ton.
Yeah. I use the whiteboard on my sales calls and I, I, whiteboard changes everything. And it just clicks for me too.
So I would love that. I love it. Okay. Beautiful. Yeah. We're going to run that. We're going to run that.
We're going to add a lot more diagrams to the cohort. So guys, we're going to officially start the personal branding bootcamp on Wednesday.
I'm very, very excited for it. It's going to be an hour, 30 minutes, every single Wednesday call now. Okay.
It's going to be long. It's going to be hefty. What It's It's Yeah. So But it's going to be really, really fun.
And this is like my treat to you guys. I want you to treat it like a whole new program.
And yeah, it's going to be really fun. Okay? I'll see you guys on the Wednesday call. Take care, guys, in a bit.
See you, man.


@58:15 - Kevin Walton
Thank you.


Consulting Mastery Group Call w/ SooWei - April 08
Consulting Mastery Group Call w/ SooWei - April 08


VIEW RECORDING - 71 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Mason Lee
What's going on, G?


@0:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How you doing?


@0:03 - Mason Lee
Good, I'm at the gym right now.


@0:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh yeah, what you hitting?


@0:06 - Mason Lee
Today's upper. Okay.


@0:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
body.


@0:09 - Mason Lee
All right, fine.


@0:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, I've been getting into swimming, bro. What you know about swimming?


@0:16 - Mason Lee
Women? I don't know anything about swimming.


@0:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No, just, I'm just trying to like find something that makes sense to do, where I can do like cardio and like, you know, and, and like cardio and while like strengthening the shoulders.
So I think swimming is actually perfect, bro. You should try it. I know you're the fitness coach, but you should definitely get on that.


@0:38 - Mason Lee
Bro, I don't even know if I know how to swim, to be honest.


@0:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick, sick. Andrew, how you doing, bro? You all good?


@0:49 - wyatt
Oh, there's hella Andrews.


@0:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I just realized. Um, Andrew, I'm to take that one. There we go.


@0:54 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay. We're doing, we're doing really good, dude. We just had a, a breakthrough video. The day of the move, so that was good, we got like, we got like nine booked calls from it, and then we have like 14 in the pipeline, and then right now we have a qualification rate off that video of like 60%, so it's been good, been hyped, now it's just time to print.


@1:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it bro, love it, is that new apartment effect huh?


@1:21 - Andrew Wilkes
No literally dude, it's like buy a expensive condo and just book more calls, that's it, I love it, cool.


@1:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Wyatt, how's everything man, where are you at? You're outside today.


@1:34 - wyatt
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm in my house in Florida, I got a client with me for three weeks, we're out here, before we go to Miami.


@1:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Alright, alright, let's run it, let's run it, you'll be in Miami same time as me, yeah?


@1:43 - wyatt
Yep.


@1:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, let's do it, we gotta run some bro, I've never been, but I don't know who's been to Miami, who's the Miami Demons, y'all gotta show me around, it'll be fun, it'll be fun.
Cool, Maeva, how are you, you're all good? What did you say? I can't hear it. Oh, you're all good.
No worry. All good. All good. Jacob, how are you? You're all good?


@2:15 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, it's all good, brother. Oh, yeah.


@2:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Back in the U.S., yeah? Yeah, back in the U.S.


@2:19 - Jakob Schnitzler
I got here last night.


@2:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
was like a 26-hour travel. Oh, no. You're probably jet-lagged as hell, then.


@2:26 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah. Cool.


@2:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. I love it. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Good to see you guys. Good turnout. saw you guys were in the lounge just now, so good to see you.
Kala, welcome back. You're getting your cardio in? Awesome. Yeah, I'm at the gym right now.


@2:42 - Calla Ko
I love it.


@2:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. Cool. Good to have you here. I'll do a formal introduction of you on the Friday call.
That's when we introduce all the new members again, okay? But, yeah. Guys, I'm really excited for this call. mean, first of all, we are starting the Personal Branding Bootcamp on the 15th.
Officially. So in a week's time, every single Wednesday will be a presentation style video, give you guys a glimpse of what that looks like.
So you guys can be excited for for it. But today, what I want to go over is just like, how do we get ready for, you know, the cohort?
How can you get the most out of it? And what can you do to make sure that you're implementing everything on a week to week basis?
Like that's mainly what I want to go through, because we can go through the cohort, I can give you guys all the information, all the material, all the step, action items, everything.
But if there is no implementation, and there's no urgency to apply the information and the details and actually do the action steps, all of it is useless.
Okay? So I want to go over like a quick little presentation. It's nothing too crazy, nothing too formal, but I want to go over this.
And then I want to dive into what I want to like, the main aspect of the actual action items that I want
And what's going to be the core focus of the market research and all that. So yeah, let me just get this real quick.
So essentially, what I want to go over is this right here, dream follower worksheet. I want every single one of you to understand that the best content comes from the reflection of yourself.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
And this comes down to fundamentally, like how much do you understand yourself? How much do you understand your ICP?
And so before, like, what I want you guys to do is I want you guys to fill out this worksheet.
I'm going to drop it in the chat at the end of this call, okay? And all I want you to do is I want you to basically specify who your client is, who's your dream client.
right. Yeah. In a nutshell, like what is the name, what is their name, who are they, what's their story, what they look like, what are they passionate about, and go through everything.
Now, some of you have already done this, but you haven't done it well enough, right? And what I want you guys to do is I want you to go over who are they, what are they passionate about, what are their overall problems, what are the deep root of problems, all of this.
A lot of you guys have seen something like this, but the thing that you haven't seen is what are stories that I could pull from my own life that could relate to these people.
This is the key thing that too many of you struggle with, because a lot of you are trying to force credibility and force, you know, why they should listen to you.
And you end up posting all these valuable videos, but none of your value hits and none of your content hits because they don't feel like they actually resonate with you.
And so you have to understand it from their point of view. There's thousands of people that are saying the same information that you're saying, because chances are.
They don't understand your perception. They don't have context on who you are. So when you give value and you give information, when you post content out to the world and you don't give people context as to who you are, nothing will hit.
Nothing will stand out. It's the same reason why if Hormozy gave the exact same advice as, let's say, an 18-year-old that just got in business.
If they gave the exact same advice, the delivery and the way that we take that piece of information is completely different, because we have context as to who Hormozy is.
So what I want you guys to realize is that the most important part about this entire process and everything that we go through is not, you know, it's not what you do, it's not the script, it's not the hook, it's not everything.
It's the context that you give. And so the way that this is split up is we really dive into the cause and effect.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
What we're going to cover in the first week is this specific thing right here. We are going to cover the introduction.
So obviously, you know, the market research, all of that, sharpen your offer. That's what we're going to cover. And that's what you guys are already covering.
But too many of you are focused on the effect, which is the script, the hook, and everything. But not enough of you are focused on the cause.
The cause is the underlying factor that determines whether or not your effect even works to begin with. So a lot of you have focused on the hook, the scripts, all of that.
I'd want you guys to fix your visual identity. I'd want you guys to master your camera presence. I'd want you guys to figure out your brand identity, your messaging, what makes you different, and your overall, like the overall perception that you give off to your ICP.
Because if you don't do that the right way, no matter what you do on the scripting side, nothing will work.
So the part that I added here is what makes you stand out? You know, what are the reasons your clients chose you instead of the hundreds of other competitors?
And I want you to write that down. And list out every single reason possible. Because once we get that, we can reverse engineer what you need to do in your content.
And it just makes the entire process that much easier. And what I want you guys to do is I want you guys to outline your entire journey from childhood to the present.
Too many of you are delivering value by telling instead of showing. I'll give you guys a perfect example. A lot of you are, you know, you took a big risk, not a risk, but you made a big decision to join this community.
And it was expensive, it was pricey, was multiple five figures, all of that. And a lot of you created videos where you were talking about this entire journey and this whole decision.
Now, I've seen people execute this completely differently. There's one person that shows and there's one person that tells. The people that tell are showing that, okay, they're talking about their experience.
Oh, I just invested $15,000 or $16,000. into this community, and I'm learning all this information, and they're talking about why their audience should invest as well.
But the problem with that is that you're telling. You need to stop telling people and just start showing. And the best way to show is by documenting what you're already doing.
So the way that I would have executed that video differently is I would have showed me actually paying it on the call and then my post-call reaction as to how I'm feeling and the risk that I have right now around everything that's running through my mind, the same idea, the same content idea, but completely different execution ways, and completely different results as, you know, as a byproducts.
Wyatt, I know you did that for you. Can you remind me, did you do that after, after you explained or how did you do it?
I did both.


@9:53 - wyatt
I did showed me before the call saying like, it was like, it's 4am, I have a client call. Like, I'm waking up early, I'm grinding, and like, this is just what business is like right now, but later today, I'm looking to join my dream mentorship, where everything is going to change, and then I showed it, and then I showed after as well, my kind of reaction, I don't think I showed taking payment on the call, but I showed my, like, it was just straight cut, and it was like, well, did we join or did we not?
And then it was like, I did join, and then I talked about how, like, I was like, I'm going to scale to 100k, something like that, and then I did.


@10:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The execution is just different, I saw one of my clients do this, he was like, oh, I paid this guy, blah, blah, blah, and that's great, but if you show you clicking pay, and you're on that call, you're showing instead of telling, and your post-call reaction is so much more important than what you're feeling when, you know, a day out from now.
So, too many of you are focused on, like, actually telling, telling, telling, and telling your audience what to do, and saying, oh, you have to invest in yourself, I'm investing in
So if you should invest in yourself as well, don't tell people what to do, just show what you're doing, and when people admire you enough, they will follow everything that you do.
You don't have to tell anyone what to do. So the goal of this eight-week cohort is to really just lead by example and show you guys exactly, like, how do you show without telling them what to do so that they want to do it with you?
And that whole buying a program, buying a mentorship is that much, is a perfect example of that, because too many of you executed that wrong, and you did the video, you recorded the video the day after, but you should have done it on the moment, in the spot, because that's when your feelings, that's when your entire, all your emotions were raw.
So I challenge every single one of you to find moments where your emotions are raw, you're feeling a certain way, and their camera's able to capture moments where you're being your authentic self, because when your emotions have dissipated,
Everything is kind of fall flat, and then you're filming the video, and you're trying to get back to that state.
Everything is different. Everything is different. Andrew, what's up?


@12:13 - Andrew Wilkes
For, like, reference, can you show us Wyatt's video that you're kind of referencing, just so we can kind of, like, see what you're talking about?
Yeah. Also, for that exact reason, I just flew out my editor from Germany, who's coming this month, and I'm literally, like, I got this condo with a spare bedroom for that reason, so he just followed me around with a camera.


@12:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, it's going to be dope.


@12:33 - Andrew Wilkes
But, yeah, if we could see Wyatt's video, it's kind of, like, framework on what you're talking about. Yeah, yeah, I'll run you guys through it in a bit.


@12:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'll run that through after I go through, like, you know, once we go through the Q&A stuff, because I want to go over quite a few things today on this call.
But that's, like, an overarching belief that you have to integrate throughout all your content. If you can just show instead of tell, you're going to be better off.
Okay? So that's going to be the main things that we work on. And yeah, I'm going to go through the first module and we're going to go over all of this.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Now, the first module, this is going to cover the main aspects. You guys can all see my screen, right?
Awesome. So I've personally joined over 10 coaching programs. Like that's what I've done. And there's one thing that was the same in every single program.
I was the best student and the biggest case study every single time. It didn't matter if the program was terrible.
You know, if it was terrible, I learned what not to do and I did the exact opposite. And if it was great, I learned what to do and I did exactly that.
And I need you guys to go into this bootcamp with that exact same mindset and that same approach. How can I be the best possible case study and the best outcome of this eight-week cohort?
That's all I want you guys to do. I'm not asking for you guys to, you know, I could have, a lot of people kind of, I was talking to like my other friends that were doing, you know, 500k to a bill a month, and they said, hey, I would have upsold my clients like crazy.
And the thing is, I just didn't want to. I didn't feel right doing that. And I want to give this for free.
And so I want you guys to just take this and just want to take your situation and just make it the best that you possibly can.
Because the key was, I didn't went through, I didn't go through every single SOP video module group call. All I did was, I basically just started doing.
The reason why some of you have been in the offer for a while, and you're still not getting results because you're consuming.
You're consuming, you're taking these group calls. And yes, it's valuable. It's good information. But you're not actually doing when I like I'm part of group, I'm part of programs where I'm in group calls like this.
Every time I do a group call, have minimum five action items that I take away from each group call and I do them.
the moment that I have five, I leave the call because I don't want information overload. Too many of you want new information, want new dopamine and get dopamine from these group calls.
And yes, that's amazing. That's great. But the way that I've done it is I take five actionable items from each group call.
the moment I have that, I don't want to overwhelm myself. I leave the call and I go do it.
And then I watch the rest of the recording. That's what I personally do. You guys need to get in the habit of doing more than consuming because too many of you have 12 hours a day, 14 hours a day, all the time in your hands.
And you're using all of that time to consume information, but you're not making, you're not generating enough inputs. You're not, that doesn't lead to the outputs.
I want you guys to ask yourself in the last few weeks or last few months of you being in the program, have you.
Genuinely gotten the results that you wanted and yet you know that you're capable of. Because there are some people in the program that have been in the program less than you have, but have gotten the results exponentially because the way that they execute is different.
They get action items and they do it instead of constantly wanting to consume. Does that fundamentally make sense? Because I don't want this to be an information overload and a course overload and all these new things happening.
Like, I don't want it. I don't care if you guys are satisfied. I want you guys to get results.
That's why I'm doing this personal branding, you know, training. So that's the most important thing. I simply watched one video at a time, took as many actionable items from it, implemented it, and then moved on to the next.
You guys are too consumed with wanting to consume all the information that you forgot about actually implementing. So I don't want you to start this program by learning some theory or mindset , all of that.
The way that you get the most out of this is by implementing, not by watching and following along. If you feel like, man, I need to do so much work, and if I join this next group call, I'm going to be overwhelmed, don't join it.
Don't join it. I don't care about the attendance of these calls. I care about practical results. So if you have a list of actionable items, and you knocked out five out of 15, and the next group call comes around, I don't want you on that call because you have another 10 action items to go.
I'm just going to overwhelm you by adding another 20 action items on your to-do list. So don't join that call, do your action items first, and then watch the recording.
Does that make sense? Because that will train you, and it'll get you in the habit of doing. When you get in the habit of doing, that's when everything can click.
And obviously, you guys are in the same program as these guys. There is nothing special about these guys. I love these guys to death, but there's truly nothing special about them.
And when you understand that you have the exact same information, program, guidance, support that these guys have, and you ask yourself, what are the acronyms that are stopping me from hitting 150K a month, hitting 102K a month, hitting 154, 134, 105, shout out Wyatt, you know?
Like, now you're, now you're reverse engineering it. And now it's not, oh, like, I'm missing something. You're not missing anything.
You just gotta do it. You just gotta do it. And it's all it is. It's all it is. If there's one thing that you take away from this call, if you haven't achieved the outcome that you want so far in a few weeks or a few months or a few days that you've been in this program, ask yourself, have you done enough?
Have you done everything that you could possibly do? And if not, why is that? Because too many of you want to consume and too many of you want to feel good, but not actually do the work.
These calls should serve as a guide, like a guide, like a guidance and a blueprint, but not something that you obsess over and constantly join because I want you to implement more than you actually consume.
So before we even dive into this, we need to get crystal clear on who we're trying to target and speak to in our content.
And so I want to go over the dream follower worksheet, right? Okay. And the goal of this worksheet that I'm going to go over with you guys is I only want to post value.
A lot of you guys will think that I can only post a valid concept because that's what my audience wants.
A lot of you are thinking like that, right? I don't want to post this because it doesn't get me any sales, and I don't feel like my own brand because it doesn't even feel like me.
This is what I call the niche trap. A lot of you are feeling like this, and the goal of this worksheet is to solve that, is to get you to solve that.
And so the fundamental idea behind the dream follower chain, the reason why we've created this is because your personal branch should only speak to one avatar.
One avatar as in, who is your avatar? So I'll show you guys what this looks like. I'm going to give you guys my example.
My guy right here is Jack. I've created an AI image, and every time I create content, I speak to this guy right here.
I speak to Jack. This isn't an, this is like a person, like this is an imaginary person. Okay? And this is my ICP, and my ICP is always constantly.
It's changing because I'm trying to go upmarket. But Jack, as of right now, He's a 25-year-old online coach who wants to reach his full potential.
And I have listed out every single problem, every single desire, every single everything. And what I'm doing in my content, in my personal brand, is I'm speaking to Jack.
I can post basketball content and lifestyle content because that's one of Jack's passions. I can post lifestyle montages because that's Jack's dream life.
And I can post value because that will help Jack scale his business. So now, I'm not a one-dimensional brand.
Too many of you just post value because you feel like that's the only thing that you can provide because you fell in the trap of thinking that you can only post in this niche because you're an online fitness coach.
I can only post about what I eat in a day or my day in the life or how to work out.
But the problem with that is that everybody else can post that. And there's no resonance with you. There's nothing that will make them pay.
If you want to scale, the easiest way is to charge an extremely high amount, 10, 20, 30K, and the way to do that is to position yourself as the only person that understands them, and the only person that they want to work with.
If you post a value concept, and you post just informational, here's what to work out, here's what to do, the problem is that you can be replaced by an in-person trainer.
You can be replaced by the other person that they saw five minutes ago on the algorithm, the way to charge more is to build a brand that's so exclusive, that speaks directly to one person, that they only want to work with you because it feels like you only understand them.
Does that make sense? You have to understand. And that, because once that, once that clicks in your guys's mind, that's when everything becomes easy.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
That's when everything becomes easy. So I'm going to tie back to this worksheet over here, right? That's when personal branding will become fun when you're clear on the ICP that you're talking to.
And yeah, well, I'm essentially going to give you guys this example. And I'm going to walk through this exact example.
And if you guys have any questions, you guys can feel free to let me know. And I'm going to drop this in the chat.
And this is going to be the homework that you guys are doing for this week that I want you to come to next week's call ready with.
Make sense? So who are they? What's their story? What do they look like? Again, I'm just giving a rough overview on who he is.
You know, what are they passionate about? This guy's in a personal development. He wakes up early to train. He loves a community, all that.
He loves good company, all of this. Now, what are his overall problems? He doesn't have a good understanding of his personal brand.
There's inconsistent lead flow. He's not jetting in by... All leads at all. There's no real strategy when it comes to content.
He copies other creators, and he looks like everyone else in his niche. And the problem is that he doesn't know, he knows what makes him different, but he doesn't know how to show it.
Off of these four things alone, how many of this describes you? Andrew's smiling. A few of you guys are smiling, all of that, yeah?
Because I've already done my due diligence, and that's why our businesses work performing so well. I can describe your problems in four sentences, and you will be like, wow, this guy completely understands me.
That's how good you need to be at understanding their problems. Don't know how to determine if content is good, looks like a bum, even if they get views, it doesn't lead to consistent sales, they have a value band or a personal brand, it's resource to ads because of lack of unqualified leads, all of these things, right?
And so I really want you guys to go over what are the problems that your clients are facing, and what are the desires as well?
What are the main things that they want out of it? And what is your unique selling proposition? This is where it gets really, really fun.
What makes you stand out? Well, why is your offer unique in the market? And these are the reasons why your clients chose you instead of the hundreds of other competitors.
I would go as far as to book one-on-one calls or host a group call where the only thing you do is market research.
And so, the more specific or the better that, the harder it is to replicate, the better marketing angle that you can use, if that makes sense.
So, if I say I made 100K in a day completely organically, like, you know, not a lot of people can say that.
So, I want to leverage that in my marketing because what does that show? It shows competence, it shows expertise, but it's also such an outstanding outcome because it's organically that it makes you want to listen.
And so, these These are things that build open loops. Where is an open loop, you guys may ask? Open loop is something that builds curiosity.
How can you build curiosity? By stating your unique selling proposition by making you stand out. Because if you stand out, that'll get people to want to listen to you, which will make your value hit 10 times harder.
My goal of this is not even to change anything that you say in your value piece, in your value content.
My goal is to give your audience context as to why they should take your value more seriously. Because your guys' value is good.
You guys are all experts in your industry. You have good information. But the problem is that they don't have context.
But if you have context as to like the fact that I made 100K in one day completely organically, and then I give you my organic blueprint.
How much more serious are you going to take that organic blueprint? A lot more serious. You know? A lot more serious.
serious. And People want the brand, the influence. They want to understand content to a layer deeper. I can talk about the fact that before I had this, I literally said I bought into industry leaders, applied it to myself, and became an industry leader.
And so I became my best client testimonial. These are things you can talk about in your content to build curiosity.
And so obviously, the proof, right? Why do I always talk about stacking case studies, information, testimonials, interviews, all of that?
It's because when I show you how much proof I have in every single vertical and niche, if you know that I got someone exactly like you the result that you want, why would you not listen to my value content?
The reason why you joined is because you saw someone else achieve the exact outcome that you wanted that was in your shoes before.
That is the exact reason. You know, Andrew, Wyatt, Nigel, for you guys, it may have been seeing someone like Josh.
know, him going from 500 all the way to 100. He's in the exact same position that you were in, you know, doing the fitness coaching, and then he transitioned to helping fitness coaches, and you want to make the same transformation.
But because you saw that, it sparked so much curiosity. So these are all underlying things that spark curiosity that your clients don't tell you, but you have to understand.
And I really need you to spend as much time on this as possible. Your unique selling proposition. Host in-person events, workshops, all of this.
Subconsciously, you guys want to be part of a community. Every single one of you. You don't want to feel like, oh, I'm the only person that's trying to achieve this outcome.
I want to feel like I have friends. want to feel like, you know, there's people alongside me that can help me, all of this.
And that's part of the reason why you guys joined. Right? When you saw the Sweden vlog, or maybe the Dubai vlog, or whatever vlogs you guys saw, those are things that got you to want to listen.
So your clients will not give you all the answers, they'll give you half. The other half, you have to reverse engineer why they bought from you.
And so the best way to reverse engineer how they bought from you is to reverse engineer what made you buy.
Because chances are, you are attracting people that are very similar to you. Reverse engineer the exact awareness stage, buying stage, buying process, everything that you needed to do in order to join this program.
That is the best thing I can give you. Recall the first day that you joined, or the first day that you click follow.
If you can remember the first story, or the multitude of stories that we were posting. We were constantly posting to show you guys that we were doing well so that you could gain interest as to what we were doing to eventually go down our middle of funnel.
Because if we if you had no interest in the first place, why would you care about my funnel? Why would you care about my value?
And so we gave context. And if you can reverse engineer the entire process from A to Z, you know, you watch the stories, you watch the reels, you watch a few YouTube videos, you watch a client interview, you had a good word of mouth, you spoke to the setter, you hopped on the call, you didn't close, all of that from A to Z, and you make it so hard for your prospects to not work with you, if they go through this similar process, you guys will make minimum 100K a month.
My goal is to get every single person in this community to make six figures a month, and we'll figure it out.
We've already figured it out for 15 people. We have 1500K a case studies. The goal is to get everyone here to that point.
And the way that we're going to do that is by being extremely intentional about the buying process and understanding every step of the way, because you can reverse engineer this.
Does anybody have any questions on this or anything that I just said? You guys are all good? Cool. Wyatt, you mentioned some things in the chat, bro.
Do you want to elaborate on that? Like, what allowed you to really scale that fast?


@31:15 - wyatt
Yeah, let me look. I'm not going to lie. I forgot what I said. Oh, yes. Yeah, I think that a lot of people, well, one, like on the thing you just said, I literally did this.
I knew I was going to buy kind of like, the first video that I saw was like your video where you posted it.
It's like, I make 100k a month, like buy my course, and then it was like, oh, here, for free.
The very first time I saw that, I was like, oh, I really like this. I wrote it down. And I kept track throughout the buying process of everything that I liked.
So I didn't even have to go and reverse engineer it. But then I did it again. I went back and I like, I spent like a whole day just typing down, figuring out why, like exactly why I joined.
I went through the videos too. I tried to recall like what I watched because I'm like the top 0.1% of viewers on YouTube.
And I've like watched. Every reel you watch, like the second you post it. So I was like, that's what I want people to do for me.
So I reverse engineered it. And now like, I keep in mind, like, what exactly is this going to make someone feel every single time I post a video, right?
But I only knew that because I reverse engineered why I bought. And then the second thing is like, I think people forget that like this community isn't only you, right?
Like, it's amazing information, but it's amazing information in so many different fields. You're literally surrounded by other people who are experts in every niche and every vertical.
If have people who teach sales, if you're struggling with sales, go to one of them. You know what I mean?


@32:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, I think that's the thing.


@32:37 - wyatt
I scaled so fast because I started hosting calls. I started connecting with everyone. And I started just giving, giving, giving, not expecting anything in return because I knew the amount of insights I would gain just talking to other people.
It would be insane. I had one call with you and scaled to over 100K a month.


@32:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. You what mean? Yeah, beautiful. Keep going. Yeah.


@32:58 - wyatt
And I think that's the thing. Like, A lot of the times people will, even something, it doesn't matter the price, people are so prone to just doing the bare minimum, but like why not watch, I watch back every single call recording like twice, three times, every time I'm in the car, while I'm eating, while I'm cooking food, I think like you got to understand the information, it's more about like reminding yourself of it than learning it, so why not go bum beyond and hop on a call with every single team member, you're able to, you know what mean, watch every single thing over, like actually implement, I just implemented everything immediately, I'm not just listening to it and doing nothing, like I already know what I'm going to implement from this call.


@33:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly, I love that, I love that, and I will say like, the reason why, you know, guys like Wyatt can come in here and just absolutely crush it, knock it out the park, there's nothing that we can do to build more people like that, but to encourage the type of behavior.
And so, it really comes down to boiling down, what are the inputs that you can work on, and how can you hold yourself accountable to move with more speed and more action?
Like, there's a reason why we've completely, like, there's a reason why I've engineered and we've built the community this way.
If you had to pay minimum five figures to be in here, every single person is competent. So when you provide value to a community like this, people are going to reach out to you personally, say thank you, and they're going to find a way to give value back to you.
That's what happens. So if every single one of you can have that mindset of trying to provide, trying to help, trying to give, so many good things are going to happen to you because people want to hop on call of you, people want to help you out, people want to say, like, hey, thank you for this, I needed to hear that from you.
And they're going to reach out to you personally, and that's when real connections are made. We are, the way that we've built this community is there is no one that's not crushing it.
there's no one that's not doing well. Everyone is doing well to an extent, which is why they could afford a five-figure program to begin with.
And from that alone, you guys can provide as much value to the community as possible, whether you're good at content, whether you're good at sales, whether you're good at appointment setting, and good things will come back to you.
I say this all the time, and I love that why I mentioned that. When I'm in communities, when I'm in coaching programs, I try to reach out to everybody.
Why not? I'm paying like, you know, just recently, paid like 30k. Why would I not reach out to everyone?
Are you kidding me? You know, I paid that amount of money. That's life changing money. That's so much money.
Like, why would I not leverage everything that I possibly have? Why would I not reach out to everyone and make connections and give without expecting anything in return?
Because good things will happen. You know, like, it's stuff like that, that you guys can all intentionally do to get value.
Not just from me and the coaches, but from every single person here, because so many of you are so good at different things.
Some of you are amazing at sales, some of you are amazing at content, but, you know, you're lacking in, let's say you're good at content, but you're lacking at sales.
There's a person in this community that's the complete opposite, that if you just spent 30 minutes or an hour, you would have gotten amazing value and information.
So just make it a habit in these next eight weeks, act as if it's a new program, okay? Let's have fun.
Act as if it's a new program, be engaging, be interactive, do as much as you can, provide as much value up front without expecting anything in return, and I promise you good things will happen.
Like, when you give without expecting anything, it's just something special. And you have all that goodwill and good energy, and I really believe in that type of stuff.
You know, some of you may think it's like a bit woo-woo, but I generally believe if you give, so many people are rooting for you.
for your success and wanting you to win, that it's going to be inevitable. It's going to be inevitable. So I don't want you guys to look at what you guys are doing as like, oh, I'm in my own journey, I'm in my own lane, let me just hop on, hop off, ask my questions, get out, man, talk to each other, host your own calls, get in the lounge, all of that.
You know, one thing I love about Kevin is that he's always in the lounge, always trying to give. That's what I love, you know, and if you guys can do that more often, that's going to be beautiful, okay?
I really want you guys to do that. Really want you guys to do that. And I think that'll really help out, okay?
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to go ahead and drop my dream follower worksheet in the chat, and you guys will get access to this.
And yeah, you guys can just essentially fill out everything and come to the call next week ready. Now, let me just dive into the last part over here.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
The last part would essentially be your life journey. Because the reason why we want to talk... Talk about the pain points is because you can, the best way to show that you understand your prospect is by telling stories, right?
And so I really went in detail in my life journey talking about all of this. Again, Jack wants to be around people that are disciplined, that are consistent, that show up every single day because that type of person pushes Jack to be better.
So if I showed, you know, how I grew up, the fact that I wake up at 7 a.m., do tuition work, go to school, go to tuition again, did soccer training, came home, ate dinner, go to sleep, repeat, and did this for years, they would understand that my discipline was built from a young age.
And if I didn't do it, I'd get punished. I would literally have bruises on my hands and legs. That's just how I was raised.
So I was built, disciplined, and worked at it from a young age. And me telling this story, even though it's very personal and it doesn't directly lead to a sale, it builds trust and connection because what do you...
What does Jack want? want? Jack wants to be around a guy that's a machine and puts in the work every single day, because that pushes Jack to work harder, right?
So me telling this story, even though it's not actually super applicable and it's not directly helping, it's indirectly making you like me more and making you want to trust me and making you want to get close to me, which is proximity, and the only way to get proximity is by buying it.
Do you see how that works now? So you guys think that telling a story like this is super irrelevant, super stupid.
No, it's not. You're just not looking big picture enough. You're not looking big picture enough. And all of this.
And now, even something like this, right? What does Jack want? Jack wants to make his parents proud. And so I can talk about this.
Eventually, found online space, and that's when his work ethic was combined with passion. He came into a crossroad. He promised his mom that he would get a degree in his college.
His mom paid his first year of university out of her pocket. He trying to drop out, he thought about what his mom had sacrificed.
This is what was her lifetime dream for her son to graduate and get a degree. It was something no one in her family did, and it meant more than a degree.
She had this dream ever since SooWei was young, sent it to tuition centers, paying for the best private school education, and SooWei decided not to drop out.
He could balance both, and he did. He graduated university while running his business that is now making 500K a at 20, and his degree is now hung up on his mother's wall for her to look at every single day.
Can you imagine if you guys had a story like this for your own brand? How sick is this? I'm going to rip this reel very soon, by the way, so y'all will see it.
Don't worry. Can you imagine how cool saying something like that is? Because what does that show? Again, what is Jack like?
Jack loves his parents. Jack loves his mom. He wants to do anything to make her proud, right? So when I talk about this story, yes, it's broad.
Yes, it's... Vague. But Jack loves this . Jack is saving this stuff and watching it over and over again because it resonates with him.
And so now you go from a one-dimensional brand to you talking about stories like this. Do you see how much stronger your brand can be?
That's what it comes down to. Intentionality. And so when you find out what they really need, what they really want, what is their outcome, all that, and you talk about your stories and you reverse engineer how you can tell stories to show how you have similar values and moral principles to your prospects, personal branding becomes so fun, so fun, you know?
And that's the beauty of this. That's truly the beauty of this, okay? So I want you guys to really take this week, step into that new identity and act as if you bought a $15,000 program again.
Act as if you bought that. How will you want to, you know, present yourself? How can you execute and how can you be a new version of yourself in this technically new offer?
Right? So yeah, like this is going to help you guys out a lot. I'm going to send this in the chat.
But how was this? Was this helpful for you guys? It was fine.


@42:22 - wyatt
Awesome. Awesome.


@42:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Beautiful. So get that real quick, duplicate it, and fill it out. Fill it out. Because when you guys can get so good at using stories to your advantage and finding stories in your childhood and your purpose and everything, that's when personal branding becomes so fun.
Because now, like, the cool thing is, every one of us here has very, very similar morals and values. Very, very similar.
I was just, I was going to point out something. was, like, I think in. In the last two, three weeks, people were wearing like t-shirts and stuff.
Now everyone's actually wearing something different. And people are wearing collars and stuff. So everyone's wearing a bit of different clothing.
But it's the whole idea of just like being not too materialistic, just using money for a better good, helping other people when they need it, all of that.
Like those are morals and values that you can attract. And believe me, when you attract someone that you genuinely enjoy hanging out with, the fulfillment becomes that much more fun.
It becomes that much more fun. So this dream follower worksheet obviously will help you with content, but it will help you attract your dream client that will make fulfillment actually fun and enjoyable to do.
Okay? Not just people that want to make money, not just people that want to lose weight, people that you can actually hang out with.
And that's something that I'm proud to say. Like we've built a community where I can literally, you know, I want to do some type of retreat very, very soon where we just like go.
Let's out. Let's go have fun. We can do a few mastermind days, but we can just go explore some places together.
That's cool stuff to me. So that's definitely something we're going to plan. Beautiful. We'll go open up the floor for some questions.
We'll open up for some Q&A, but make sure you guys have that link. Make sure you guys duplicate it in your own notion, all of that.
And I want you guys to be filling it out this entire week. Spend time on it. Don't rush it.
And this is something that you build off of. The example that I gave you was the result of spending months on it.
So don't expect you to finish everything completely in one go. That's not how it's going to work. It's going to take time and everything is just going to come together once you put more effort to it and once everything just adds on top of it.
So that's the main thing. But yeah, let's go ahead and get started with the Q&A. Jacob, what's up, brother?
What's up, man?


@44:57 - Jakob Schnitzler
Super good call. So in terms of... So when you talk about your values and your story, how much, and if so, do you pay attention to linking it back kind of to the business?
Or are you just really trying to tell the story that you have? It obviously should like be aligned with your dream follower.


@45:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. But yeah. So I think it depends what the intention of the reel is. And so every time you post a piece of content, what is the intention of that reel?
Is that reel to get someone to really like you? Right? Get them to really relate to you. And based on that, you can take it from there.
So that standalone segment at the end that I walked over about like, you know, my mom and the fact that I faced a crossroads, and I didn't know what I was going to do and all that.
That's like, I haven't filmed that yet, because I feel like I have to be in the real like state of doing that.


@45:51 - Jakob Schnitzler
And the best way to do that is in like a podcast setting.


@45:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And people ask like, Oh, like, what made you go to university? And that's something that I'll say that will be clipped up.
that's From that podcast long form into a reel, if that makes sense. So the main question that you should be asking yourself is what is the intention?
Is my intention to build a ridiculous amount of trust and relatability with this? Because if that's the case, then I don't really need to tie it back fully.
You know what I mean? People really just resonate with who Jacob is. Man, you know, it's going to be very vague.
It's going to be very broad. It's going to be very top of funnel. But top of funnel is not a bad thing because you can sort through the ICP and sort through all the followers.
So it really becomes, it comes down to your intention and what you want to do with the reel.


@46:38 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, perfect. And then maybe a follow-up to that. In terms of my ICP, especially with now moving more into a pro player, I obviously never played pro, but how would you approach that, like, tell your story and your values with, like, still, like, not taken away from your authority, that makes Yeah, yeah.


@47:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I want Wyatt to add to the first question, because he has something to add, so I'll answer that in a bit.


@47:06 - wyatt
Can you hear me? Yeah. I was talking about this in the lounge, like, I don't remember what questions someone asked in the lounge, but the whole idea is, like, I think people are so scared to just target their ICP that they don't actually share anything that's unrelated.
But, like, the goal of top of funnel content, or the goal of your, like, storytelling content isn't to get ICP.
It's to get people who also relate with your ideology, so that when you post content, more of them interact, and it's more likely to get your ICP.
Like, if you're posting a video that's, like, talking about, I don't know, anything, like a story or something like that, you're going to get a lot of people to interact that relate with that.
Now, when you post a different video, they're going to already relate with an idea that you have. So, if it's more middle of funnel, more people are going to interact in general, more ideal followers, and it gives you a bigger chance to get ICP.
So, like, you need to stop. Start worrying about just getting clients and start worrying about building an audience, even if they're not going to buy, but building an audience in general that likes you because then when you post content that will get buyers, you're going to get more engagement in general and you have a bigger chance of actually getting them to come in.
So you can post content that talks about your beliefs and your values and your morals as long as it isn't attracting that complete wrong type of person.
If you attract anyone who likes the same kind of topics in general, you're fine.


@48:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah. And I'll add on to that. I love that. Why? That was perfect. The best personal brands have nothing to sell you.
Think about it. Why do we love Daniel Dayland so much? The guy doesn't care. He does it for fun.
He has no intention. It's just what he feels like, what he does. Mr. 408, guys all, you know, Nigel and Andrew love that guy, right?
Absolutely love that guy. Mr. 408 is a perfect example. The guy doesn't sell anything. He doesn't benefit from his content.
Even the way that you phrased that question, it's like, I understand that, you know, you want to tie it back to like lead flow and all of that, but there should be certain content pieces where it's like, man, the leads, you know, who cares about the leads?
the book calls, the sales, you know, I don't even want that . What do I want to post? What do I feel like posting?
And sometimes those are the best pieces of content that you don't even feel like, you don't even think about the sale, but it builds so much trust that it eventually leads to the sale, you know?
Yeah, 100%. Yeah, that's what I would say, okay?


@49:34 - Jakob Schnitzler
Perfect. Awesome.


@49:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful, beautiful. I think Andrew, Andrew was next, but.


@49:43 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, my, my hand went down, but you go first, you go first.


@49:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm still articulating how I want to say it, so. Okay, first, also.


@49:52 - Oisin
Yo, can you hear me? Yes, what's up, brother? Good, good. I just had a quick question about the actual story.
So, how many times are you actually delivering this? So is there any, like, do you have a limit or do you just, do you just post it?


@50:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, I'll ask you a question in return. How many times have you posted about your story?


@50:11 - Oisin
None. So why are we worried about that question?


@50:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You know, like, I wouldn't worry about that question until you post the story first and it feels repetitive. But do you see how it's like, it's very easy to jump to, oh, like, how many times should I post this without even posting?
Like, you'll find out when you actually start posting it. And you'll see content fatigue or all that. But I don't want you to overcomplicate content and feel like that's something that, you know, oh, I can't post often.
That's why I'm not going to post it. Post it once first. See what happens. And then the thing is, man, you're going to find other formats as well because you're going to be like, oh, there's other stories to tell.
So you can really, you just have to be very, very aware of how you think. You know, and I love that I cut that.
That I caught you out there, because if you haven't posted any, why are you worrying about that? You know, it's all about, like, personal branding can be very overwhelming, content as a whole, but if you take it one step at a time, and you post one piece of reel, or one YouTube video slowly, eventually it builds up.
And the thing is, you wouldn't even have to answer that question, because when you posted that reel, or maybe, let's say you filmed a video, let's say you filmed you talking about your story, you would have talked about five other stories.
You know what I mean? You would have talked about five other stories without you even thinking about it, so now that's, like, different content pieces right there, and you wouldn't even have thought about that, if you just filmed it.
So, get in the habit of just doing, doing, doing. Ask, like, don't think too much ahead of your time.
Like, sometimes, we're just too smart for our own good, you know? We always want to outsmart ourselves, and the curse of that is that we delay the action, because we want to solve all the problems, or the questions in our head, before we
Before we do the first piece of action item, but it's all about doing that first piece of action, and then taking it from there, okay?


@52:08 - Oisin
Gotcha, bro. Appreciate it. Awesome.


@52:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. But if anyone that has already posted a few stories, these are stories that, you know, I would sprinkle in whenever.
I would talk about a story like that once, every, like, once every, like, you know, one or two weeks, but I wouldn't go too crazy.
You don't want to just, you know, talk about your life story all the time. I think it's a good balance.
You just have to, like, see what your audience needs. If they need more trust, okay, you can do more storytelling.
If they need more value, more whatever, you can do more value. So it just depends what your audience needs.
Cool. Wyatt, what's up, man?


@52:51 - wyatt
There was something you said to me, like, kind of a while back that was huge for personal branding for me.


@52:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Do you care if I share? Of course, of course. Go ahead. Like, I'm going to share one thing you said.


@53:00 - wyatt
One thing that I've kind of like realized as well, but the first thing is like, if people would not defend you in comments, you don't have enough of a personal brand.
Like if, if anyone except your clients wouldn't defend you, and like to it, you can like elaborate and you said a lot better than I did, but like then people don't know enough about you.
Yeah, exactly.


@53:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's the first thing.


@53:17 - wyatt
And the second thing is like, well, and that goes to show like you should not be posting straight value all the time, because if that's the only thing people know you for, they could go to chat GPT and get the same coaching.
You know what I mean? And then the same thing is like, the best personal brands are the people who they could change entirely what they're selling and people still buy it.
Because people are never buying the program, right? That's why Suway was able to completely just change things. And he's using it as a marketing asset as well to change, you know what mean?
But it's like, that's what I realized. My content was so hyper specific. As soon as I started and change is just like, you know what, let me just build it out in a way where people know I'm like smart, right?
People are like, oh, he's a smart guy in general. I already like him. So I'm just going to buy from him.
And if I change. If it entirely, you know what mean, it wouldn't matter, and that's the thing, Alex Ramozzi could sell anything, he would buy.


@54:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes, I love that, I love that. I'll add on to that. You guys have to get in the habit of, like, if I switched offers tomorrow, would my audience still buy from me?
And if the answer is no or maybe, it means you haven't talked enough about yourself. It's a super easy test you guys can all run.
Super easy test. And I promise you, if you're just more intentional about showing who you are, what you do, and just getting people to fall in love with you as a person, they'll buy whatever you sell.
Because people buy from people, they don't buy the programs or the mechanism. Like, yes, that helps. But people buy from people first.
Okay? So, like, this entire shift that we're doing, you guys have to pay attention to how it is. Like, there's certain people that do, like, you know, green screen videos on me.
And if someone's, like, attacking me or whatever, like, The comments are, like, defending me. It's so cool. And I don't know these, like, people, but they're defending me.
And I think that's, like, you guys should all strive to build a brand where you have something that you want to share to the world.
And once you have that, everything becomes easy. And the messaging that we're having now, think about the branding that we're doing.
I'm pivoting into, like, in-person events. Like, that's what I'm going to be known for very, very soon. I'm still, you know, in this space.
I'm still very, very, like, in the weeds. But very, very soon, people are going to know me as a guy that's trying to build the biggest personal branding event in the world.
That mission is so strong that you just want to be a part of it. And you're just interested in how I'm even trying to do something like that.
You know? Like, that's just something that you feel like, wow, I just want to be a part. I just want to see what he does.
And so the whole idea of, like, oh, you know, me shutting down this, blah, blah, blah, doing it in
Where I want to host the world's biggest thing, that's a mission that people will follow, like, want to follow.
So obviously, you are the founder, you're the creator, you're the face, you're the everything, but do you have a mission that people generally want to follow and want to be a part of?
Because I can promise you that in between of me hosting this first event is going to be a movie.
It's going to be so fun. Can you imagine me asking my audience, what guest speakers would you want? And then people would just comment, the creators that they want, on who they want to speak on branding, who they want to speak on scripting, who they want to speak on this.
It'll be perfect. And it'll put me in rooms that I shouldn't be in because my goal is that ambitious.
You know? So I want you guys to think outside the box because when you have a big goal, it allows your brand to be much bigger than it is.
And when you tie your personality to it, game over. Okay, game over. But yeah, I love it.


@57:04 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I love it.


@57:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's up?


@57:06 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Can I share like a perspective, well, not a perspective, a way that I've been like dealing with all the notes I've been taking.
Yeah, go ahead, bro. Go ahead, why not?


@57:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What I'll be doing is I bought, when I joined, like a whole notebook just for this program. I love that, bro.


@57:21 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I've been filling it up like crazy because, like, at the beginning I've found, like, we've been definitely doing a lot more stuff.


@57:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@57:27 - nedsainsbury-plaice
But that was so much stuff that, like, it's kind of, for a period of time, it was almost having, like, the reverse action instead of the positive.


@57:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
was learning so many things about content that I was just trying to do too much, and now we've started breaking it down.
Yeah.


@57:41 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Now it's definitely good, and I've also just invested in myself, I've been putting so much more effort into content because of that.
What I've been doing is all these notes, I just take photos of, I put into Claude, and then Claude would just help me, like, show exactly what I should be focusing on.
Because you're not having it in. And... It literally takes the exact steps every single time, like, it will give me all of the pieces of advice, like, even with the program you've set, like, everyone in here wants to connect, right?


@58:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@58:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
That is like a thing, like, I want to build a community where everyone wants to connect, right? Yeah, there you go.


@58:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'd know off that, and I'll put all of that into Claude, and then it will literally tell me what's the most important thing for me right now.
I love It's super useful for anyone thinking, like, how can I apply all this source?


@58:25 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah.


@58:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick, man. I love that insight, man. I love it. I appreciate it, Ned. Every single one of you should do that.
And, you know, whether it's your own notes or even taking the Fathom NoteTaker transcript that we send out every week and put it in a Claude and be like, what are the five acronyms that you know I'm struggling with that would benefit me the most based on my situation?
Because Claude already knows your business. Boom. Okay? Ned, appreciate that, man. That was perfect.


@58:52 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah. Oh, yeah.


@58:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up? Okay.


@58:57 - Andrew Wilkes
So, I'm ready. So, right now. With like the whole like my story kind of stuff, as you know, like my biggest bottleneck is like organic eyeballs, right?
Like we can do ads, we have our ads down, but the biggest problem is like getting organic eyeballs, and I find like we struggle with views when we do like the storytelling content, or when we do the personal content, or anything to kind of branch off of like my story, or like who I am, and stuff like that.
Like I'm sure it's great for like, people that need to be nurtured that are already coming through the ads, but they just get zero engagement, no matter like what style we do.
Like we've tried like, we've tried so many different styles. Like if go through my page, we've tried, like I'm big on like, if something doesn't work, try it 100 different times, and then be like, okay, , that didn't work.
And a different bunch of different ways. So we've tried like the my story stuff, we've spoken on different parts of me, one of the biggest things that I teach my guys, things that I've done for myself, is like, and actually me and I
talked about this the other day, it's like a triangle and square kind of exercise where we take like, there's a bunch of different parts and components of me, same with you, like piano, basketball, like all that stuff.
And we like to take like the triangle of like the three pillars of like who we are that identifies most with our ICP, right?
So I like to take like three main factors of me that identifies both like the most with my ideal client.
And I take a square of like the four styles that resonate best. And then I try all three different talking points, all three different styles of talking and like ideas and who I am in four different styles.
That's something I get everyone to do in their market research on my team. it's something that I do as well.
But I guess my question is right now when I do the my story stuff instead of the value stuff, you know, like the value stuff has been doing well, but the my story and the stuff kind of about me never gets like any sort of reach, it barely even gets follower views.
So as far as that goes, how do I get those like relation video? The story videos, how would you kind of frame that in a way that would still get engagement or any sort of views?


@1:01:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You tie it to the value and what you're already doing well. So you find what's working, you find what you're good at, and you tie a story as part of the value video.
And naturally, you get better at storytelling over time. The reason why your storytelling videos aren't hitting is because you're trying to force a value way of speaking about something or a value format or value everything, and you're trying to do a storytelling video.
But it's a whole idea of like, you know, imagine, like, you're in that zone of talking about giving value to someone.
But then instead of giving value, you're telling a story. It just doesn't sit right. Because you're putting on a value cap trying to tell a story and it doesn't, it does, your audience knows that it doesn't feel aligned.
And so what you need to get better at is telling stories and putting on your storytelling cap on instead of your value cap on.
And the way to do that is to integrate stories in your value content so that the lessons are. stronger.
And then eventually you can do a full storytelling reel. So it's a natural progression into storytelling videos instead of value and storytelling.
It's the value and then value plus storytelling. And then eventually you can do storytelling videos, which perform well.


@1:02:14 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay.


@1:02:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So it's kind of like tell the story on why the value works or like you can be like, well, I'll give you an example.
I can be like, you know, your dollar per hour rate is the most important metric that you have to ever track.
And the reason why I say this is because, um, you know, I remember when I was at a hundred K a month and I was doing X, Y, Z, and then I can go into a story.
Boom. Okay. You know, so it's like you're telling a lesson and you're giving value through telling a story so that they save the time and the amount of money that you lost in that process.
Does that make sense? Okay.


@1:02:54 - Andrew Wilkes
I'll send you an example in the, in your chat.


@1:02:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay.


@1:02:57 - Andrew Wilkes
All right. Appreciate it. Awesome. you.


@1:03:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You send that in the main chat. Yes, yes, yes, yes, I'll do that, I'll do that. Jacob, what's up, brother?


@1:03:07 - Jakob Schnitzler
So I guess when you talk about your mission, for example, as you said right now, people don't know you for your new mission yet, so what is your approach to kind of convey that mission?
Obviously, it's not just like talking about, I want to be the biggest, like, what are like the different parts that are playing there through your head when you're trying to like really convey that new mission of yours?


@1:03:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So the mission is a North Star. What is the person that I need to become in order to achieve this outcome?
That's the main pillar, the person I need to become. What are the things that I need to change right now that are not good enough?
I can be more vulnerable, I can open up to my audience, I can show my flaws and show that I'm not perfect.
I can show the entire process and the setbacks of me getting there. What are the problems that I'm facing?
How do I feel? Am I stressed? All of this, right? And then I can show what I'm learning. So it's the character development.
It's the actual process of getting to this goal and it's what I'm learning, the value, the valuable parts. So do you see how the mission is like so important that I can take three different content pillars from it?
Bro, like that's perfect. And so now I can like say that I'm going to Miami, I'm going to New York, I'm going to meet some of the speakers in person.
I'm going to see what he's thinking and blah, blah, blah. And we're to have this whole thing. You know, it's going to be fun.
And so now like that feels like documentation because now it feels like you're part of the And I could also ask videos where it's like, Hey, here's what I'm learning.
I'm on the path to creating the world's biggest personal branding event. Here's what I've learned so far. People would, people would really resonate with that, you know?
So that those are the three pillars, brother.


@1:04:51 - Jakob Schnitzler
Perfect. Thank you so much. That actually helps a lot. And then one last question, just like when you talked about like first, before you talk just about your story, tying it.
If have value, that's just like a, when, when you have an ICP that is obviously hasn't gotten this, or like is above you, like how would you tie that value back to, to like your story without kind of them having not to relate with you because they're like, well, I'm playing higher than you, for example, like in my example.


@1:05:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, that's the thing. Um, you may be playing higher than me, but I can spend all my time developing this part of the game that you can't spend time doing.
Because you're playing professionally. it's like, that's a unique advantage. The fact that you didn't go pro and that you have time to focus on X, Y, Z is the reason why they should pay you.
So you flip the entire thing where it's like, oh, they thought they were more qualified than you, but no, that just means that you have more time to focus on the mindset aspect and learn from the best mindset coaches and the best soccer coaches and learn everything from the Premier League, the Bundesliga, all the best coaches in the world so that you can teach that.
Cool. You see how I turned a weakness into a strength?


@1:05:57 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, I love it. There you go.


@1:05:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're going to learn. We'll a more about this in the, in next week's call, all right?


@1:06:02 - Jakob Schnitzler
I appreciate you, man. Awesome, awesome.


@1:06:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Ned, what's up, brother?


@1:06:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, question off the back end of that. I'm just interested to see where you go from this, in terms of like, what's your approach to, like, actually go and building a mission that's worth, like, working loads for, and two, talking about?


@1:06:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Great question. I generally feel like a mission is something that you can't force it. That's the most important thing.
I feel like it's very easy to want to force a mission or force something, because you feel like, oh, I want to do this.
feel like, you know, so it has this big mission. I want a big mission too. I want it tomorrow.
And I'm just going to think of something. Like, no, I've been in this space for five years. And I've been wanting to get content, get good at content for three years.
And in the process of doing that, I've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars learning from people. In content. I've invested into Iman's head of content recently.
I've invested in Adana, I've invested in Harmozi, I've invested in Devin Jato, all of these people. Now, why did I invest in those people?
Because there was no opportunity where I could get access to all of them in one room. So I'm solving a previous problem that I once had for everybody else so that they don't have to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The best mission comes from a past experience and what you wish you had.


@1:07:29 - nedsainsbury-plaice
That's cold. You know what mean?


@1:07:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
, I wish I was recording. That could have been a reel, you know? But yeah, that's what it is.
Maybe I can't even repeat that if I wanted to. I don't even know what I was saying. We're going to have to watch the father for that one.
But that's what I would say. It's like, what will your past self want? And how can you serve your past self?
Because if you understand your past self and your identity best, one or two years. And so if you have a mission to serve that person, because you know how hard it was to get to where you were now, and you can make it easier for that person, man, that mission is going to be strong, you're going to really want to work hard for that.
So, yeah, like, I wish I had an in-person event where I could talk to everyone that I wanted to talk to, and hear their best one-hour, two-hour presentation in a day.
How sick would that be? How cool would that be? You know? And that's what I would say, right?


@1:08:29 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, 100%. All right. So you basically look for the opportunities that you would want it to have, and then you build them for other people.


@1:08:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly, exactly. Yeah, that's a cool way of looking at it.


@1:08:41 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Beautiful.


@1:08:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Jun, what's up, brother?


@1:08:45 - Jun Nam
Yo, yo. I just wanted to ask quickly about the meetup in New York.


@1:08:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I already know what you're going to ask, right? Is it about New York?


@1:08:51 - Jun Nam
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just want to know, like, because I want to, like, get tickets to get it ready, but.


@1:08:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, I think we're going to do a meetup in. In Miami, but not New York, New York just pull up for like a few days, I'm gonna be there from the 30th to the 8th, I think like, the 4th, May 4th would be good, you know, May 4th, yeah, just in the middle, May 4th to 5th, May 4th to 6th, that'll be cool.


@1:09:17 - Jun Nam
Okay, sounds good, I'll just kind of book around then.


@1:09:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, let's do it. Awesome, sounds good.


@1:09:22 - Jun Nam
Beautiful.


@1:09:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Lucia, did you have a question? Oh, you're going to Miami? No way. Yeah. When?


@1:09:28 - Lucia Troyano
Yeah, at the end of this month. Okay, perfect, perfect, perfect, I'll see you there, yeah. Okay, when are you?


@1:09:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm gonna be there, um, April 18th to the 30th, and then April 30th to May 8th in New York.


@1:09:45 - Lucia Troyano
Okay, maybe we catch like a few days.


@1:09:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes. Yes, awesome, let's do it, let's do it. Did you, did you have any questions? I saw your hand raised for a bit.


@1:09:53 - Lucia Troyano
Um, I was gonna say something to Andrew, but I texted you already. Okay, okay.


@1:10:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Perfect, perfect. Awesome. Beautiful, guys. Beautiful. I hope you guys enjoyed this call. Mark, I saw that, bro. Why are you kinking up with Aiden?
What's going on? Brother, up, linking up. You're trying, you're trying, you're trying. But yeah, link up with Aiden. He's definitely a really, really good guy to dial in your content and stuff.
So it'll be fun. But yeah, we'll keep you guys updated. I'm going to host an official Miami Client Day.
That'll be super cool. We can spend a whole day together. It'll be really fun. And yeah, we'll probably do one in New York as well.
Keep you guys updated. All right. Awesome. I'll see you guys on the Friday call. Take care, guys. And I bet.
See ya. Thank you. Yeah.


Friday Q&A - April 03
Friday Q&A - April 03


VIEW RECORDING - 75 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I like it. Yeah, yeah.


@0:02 - Allen Speigner
I live in the biggest city in Alabama. So it's the least country possible you're in. But you know how it is.


@0:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's sick.


@0:09 - Allen Speigner
I love it.


@0:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yesen, how you doing, brother? You all good? Yeah, I'm amazing, bro.


@0:13 - Iestyn Krauze
How are you? I'm blessed, bro.


@0:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're not outside today, huh?


@0:18 - Iestyn Krauze
No, I'm in a different place today, bro. In the living room for a change of scenery. I like it.


@0:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I like it. Where are you at?


@0:24 - Iestyn Krauze
I'm in Columbia right now. Okay.


@0:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You still in the same apartment or no? Yeah, I'm in the same apartment, just in a different room.


@0:32 - Iestyn Krauze
Okay. But yeah. Big area. All right. Sick, sick, sick.


@0:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, we should have a few more people joining us. But yeah, I'm excited for it. I'm excited for it.
Pierre, how are you doing, man? You all good? Yeah, great, brother.


@0:48 - Pierre Gourdon
you? Good, good, good, good.


@0:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What have been up to recently?


@0:52 - Pierre Gourdon
Just trying to revive a lot of past leads currently. Cash injection phase, yeah?


@0:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, cash injection, yeah.


@0:58 - Pierre Gourdon
Nice. I love it, I love it. Yeah, it does, but man, when you do it, bro, you make a lot of damn money, so let's make it happen.


@1:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Did you hit a workout yet today or no?


@1:10 - Pierre Gourdon
Tonight, tonight. Okay, nice.


@1:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What are you hitting? Upper body today.


@1:14 - Pierre Gourdon
Nice, nice.


@1:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, your physique is crazy, bro. me.


@1:18 - Pierre Gourdon
Thank you, bro.


@1:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You got some crazy jacked physiques in this community, but yeah, awesome, awesome. Cool, cool, cool, cool. I think some people might actually be a bit confused because we have, what is it called?
We have daylight savings, so I'm not too sure, but yeah, let's go ahead and get started. mean, today, I think it's a bit of a smaller turnout today because maybe I didn't do an announcement or daylight savings.
I'm not sure what the reason is, but I have more time for you guys, more time for you guys.
So, yeah, we can start off with just any questions, whatever you guys are thinking. Let's go ahead and start.


@2:08 - Iestyn Krauze
Yo, SooWei, I'll go. So what I wanted to ask is, I know that we mentioned something before, and it's obviously to do with like quality of content, etc.
But I was thinking like, how do I like attract more like sophisticated buyers in the B2C market?


@2:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Attract more sophisticated buyers in the B2C market?


@2:26 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, yeah, Like obviously make money online market, because right now it's like, obviously everybody young kind of just wants to make money online, right?
So I'm just like kind of attracting them people right now, and it's kind of annoying. I'm getting on calls like college students, and I go on calls like somebody like, I was like, how do you even get from my pipeline and stuff like that?
But like, they're just young, you know, like I'm attracting really young people, I guess, that's due to the fact that I kind of look young as well.
But like, I'm thinking like, if I could attract people with like higher paying nine to fives who are actually already in like four or five K a month, they just want to make an online income instead, would be a lot like better for me to attract.
I feel like I'd enjoy working on them people more as well.


@3:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So how do you get a more qualified ICP?


@3:07 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, basically, yeah.


@3:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All you have to do is you have to figure out what are specific pain points that they struggle with that nobody else struggles with.
That's all it is. You know, people overcomplicate marketing and all of that. But, I mean, look at what I've done.
I've gone from, like, I wouldn't say our main ICP is, like, completely different. But what I will say is, like, we have gone from attracting, you know, zero, people at zero, people at three, people at five, to now people joining us at 30 to 100.
And the main thing that we show is, the main thing that we've doubled down on is specific problems that are super, specific problems that are only applicable to that ICP.
And so what I would talk about is specific things like, hey, if you're signing too many clients, watch Bro, 99% of people would not watch that video, you know, because now I can break down my fulfillment process about who the hell gives a about fulfillment if I'm not even signing any clients.
Now, obviously, that's in the B2B context, but you get the idea. You're most likely talking about desired outcomes that everybody wants, and you're not niching down on specific pain points that only your IACP has.
So what I mean by this is like, talking about situations where you felt like, hey, things were going well, but you knew that it was a dead-end job.
You knew there was no actual path for growth. That's something that a broke teenager wouldn't be able to relate with, because he just wants to make money.
He just wants the Lamborghini and the lifestyle and the travel. But when you just show the travel and the lifestyle and the cars, you're obviously going to attract the guy that doesn't need much selling.
So I just say this all the time, time, if you want When tried to better ICB, you can't just show the outcome or you can't just show, you know, like what it is that you're selling.
You have to go a layer past that and you have to talk about desired problems that only, or like specific niche problems that only they face.
That's the main thing. And so in my situation, would be talking about fulfillment. It would be about charging more.
One angle that I use that worked extremely well for me in my B2B space is like, if you're charging anything below $5,000, you're ruining your business.
Your business will collapse. Now, why do I say something like that? Because people naturally think that, hey, $5,000 is a lot for an offer, for a service.
And so when I say that, I could get a lot of attention, which leads to people building curiosity on why I even said that.
And then I talk about how I'm able to charge 20K or whatever, you know, but the idea is that you talk about specific niche problems that they face.
And you tie that to your unique mechanism, how you're doing this, that's much better than them, and they have to learn it from you, you know?


@6:07 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, makes sense. Appreciate that, bro. Source. Cool.


@6:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. It really comes down to the market stuff. I'll give you guys a bit of context. At least for B2B, some things that work really well is pricing.
Because pricing, you guys want to think about what humans in nature are lazy. And so when I tell you the idea of, hey, you can charge more, okay, all you have to do, you can sell the same exact service, same exact sales process, same exact everything, but you can charge 10x more by just tweaking this one thing in your marketing, automatically you're to be like, wow, there's such a low amount of effort for such a highly wanted outcome.
And so when I talk about pricing, I always get people DMing me because the work feels like it's so little.
You know what mean? So you guys got to figure out what is that thing that can lead to the outcome that everybody wants, but doesn't take that much time to do.
And so I really lean into the pricing and all that, because once you master positioning and messaging, it gets really easy.
And this goes for you, Kennedy, because I know you're selling to like, you know, similar ICP. If you can talk about specific things that really make it seem like, hey, it's low effort for this outcome, you're going to get a lot of DMs and you're going to build a lot of curiosity.
Okay. Awesome. Cool. Any other questions, guys?


@7:51 - Reyes Abalos
Yo, Sui. What's up, man? How are you? I do have a question for you, brother. was on the content call with Aiden yesterday and he was kind of breaking down all the different B-rolls.


@8:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That you guys get, I think I've asked you before bro, but he mentioned something about you will like take like different fits, so this way, I did that the other day bro, and it was actually a genius idea bro, I was able to get different shots, but I'm just curious if you have any like thoughts or feedback on when it comes to like strategizing for b-roll, because I noticed that like I started to film more, but it's just me talking to the video, and I noticed on a lot of your stuff, you have a ton of b-roll bro, so like how do you build up that bank of b-roll shot, that's a great idea, so one thing that every single one of you can do tomorrow, find a studio near you, book it for two hours, and film some talking head videos, get a friend, you know like, ideally someone that understands camera work, if not all good, but get a friend to help you set up, you know whatever, get in the studio, like I think this is the biggest cheat code of all time, because it's so different.
And we're going to drop a video today with like a white backdrop. I'm sure you guys have seen some, some, you know, B-roll of us in that white backdrop and whatever.
It's just so different. It's so distinct. So the first thing I'd say is like get into environments where it's not your regular day to day.
I know a lot of you guys like work 12 hour days and you guys don't leave your house and you take all the calls into your place and all that, but you have to like dedicate certain days to just going outside and exploring things because your, your content can't be interesting.
If you're not interesting, you know, like your content is a reflection of you. So if you want to come across a certain way, but you're not actually that certain way, people will, people will find that out.
People will, they kind of see through that. So what I'd say is like find different studios. the thing is you can book these studios for like $40 an hour.
You can spend $80 for two hours and rip 10 different reels, rip two YouTube videos and rip tons of B-roll with the entire production and set.
And what does that do for perception? It's like, damn. Reyes is really going above and beyond to dial in his entire brand and all of this.
Yeah, it's just amazing. So I would recommend that. And then I personally brought in like, I bought two pants to the shoot and like four different shirts because nobody actually looks at the pants.
Nobody looks at the pants, you know? People always look at the shirt, especially if you do it like vertically and Instagram and all that.
So I would just rip those. And yeah, like, I think that's a, that's a quick hack that you can do.
I, I mean, it obviously helps that my creative director is with me. So to give you a bit of context, I hired a creative director that was from Australia and I told him, man, it doesn't make sense for me to work with you if you're all across the other side of the world.
And he told me like straight up, like, Hey, I moved to London. And I was like, you know, like, are serious?
And then he was like, yes, I moved to London. And then he bought the flights, he bought everything and then I hired him as a creative director and he was five minutes away from me.
So it really does help that, you know, I have someone that's just with me all the time, that can hit up these studios with me, we're going to a studio tomorrow, different aesthetic, different background, all of that, but yeah, like you guys will be able to meet him very soon, he's part of the community, he's gonna host group calls starting on April 15th as well, so yeah, like if you can find somebody, you know, maybe a local videographer in your area, they're not too expensive, they're not, they're not terrible, they're not that bad, you use them like once a day, once a week, or maybe once every two weeks, to help you, like follow you around, help you with studio shoots and all that, man, you guys are gonna be, you guys are gonna level up, hiring a videographer, going to studios, I think as if like you're, I think as if you treat your brand like a media company, is all things that will help out, so I would get out of your comfort zone, stop filming stuff, I won't say stop filming stuff, but like introduce new content pieces outside of your regular background, because when people see you outside, it's different, why do
What do with client retreats in different areas all the time? Why did we do it in Sweden? It's such a change of background in the chalet and that, you know, like, everything is intentional.
And so we do client retreats, obviously, because we can hang out with clients and have a lot of fun, all of that.
But a big, big reason is because of a different setting, and the background and the context, like, it's just so much easier for your audience to be interested in your stuff, when you're constantly changing environments, and it's constantly a new thing.
Because it's like keeping up with a celebrity, almost. They're always doing something. But if you're just in the same background, saying the same , doing the same format, bro, no one's gonna, no one's gonna listen to your stuff, you know?
So those are some things you can do, right? For sure.


@12:46 - Reyes Abalos
Thank you, brother. Awesome. Awesome.


@12:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Also, guys, I invested into Iman's Head of Content. Do you guys want to hear that story? Do any of you guys know Iman's Head of
Content or anything or no? No? Okay. I'll give you a bit of context. So I'm in London and yeah, like, you know, I get introduced to people quite a lot of times and I got introduced to this guy and I mean, I was like, you know, who is this guy?
And then they got, I figured out that he was eventually in mindset of content and I, I just talked to him.
I talked to him, I talked to him and, you know, within a, we, we had a conversation for two to three hours.
We really hit it off. We really got along well. Our morals and values were aligned. He's very chill. And I asked him like, what, what is his next goal?
And he said, he's consulting. And on the spot, he was in the perfect position to work with a guy like me.
And I asked him like, how much was his offer? I asked him like, everything about his offer. I didn't even look at the offer sheet.
I didn't even look at the deliverable sheet. I asked him, how much does he charge to work with him for three months?
He set a price and I bank transferred him 25k on the spot. Now, the reason why I do this stuff, and the reason why I tell this story is because the decisions that you make, and how you show up in your, the way that you run your business, will ultimately attract this exact type of caliber of client that you have.
You know, it's like, I would love for a prospect to do that with me as well. And so, if I'm not acting in accordance with how I want my prospect to act, what does that say about me as a business owner?
So, for me, was like, if I know someone built someone's brand to the point where it is right now, you know, and he did an amazing job, all of that, and I know that he has a solution to, you know, where I want to be, I want to hit a million followers.
I want to hit 100,000 subs. I want to be, like, very well-known in the space, and I think we're on our path of achieving that, but I want a 10X it, and what better way to go?
What better way to go to that point? By finding someone that's done it for somebody else. So even me talking about that, you know, I could film a reel on that.
And I could talk about how I did that. That would attract like a clientele that would do something like that.
And he said something after that really resonated with me as well. So he asked me like, hey, why did you even buy when you didn't even know what the you were getting?
I didn't even look at the offer sheet. No offer sheet, no deliverable, no nothing. And I was just like, for me, it's, we'll figure out the details later.
But I just want to show how much trust I have in you and what you're building. And when you can understand that, like, when you can show people that you invest in that you trust them that much, and you can document that and show that you will attract the exact same type of caliber.
top by client. Exact same. So I highly, highly recommend like, Look at your personal life. Are you acting in the way that you would want your prospects or your clients to act?
And, you I could have easily did a bit of research, gone through different competitors' stuff, see what they were all looking at.
Man, like, that's all time wasted. You know, I could have started two weeks from now, but I have my onboarding call with him today.
We're getting the entire infrastructure and the systems built out, and now I can introduce some of these systems to you guys as well.
And so you have to move with that type of speed and that type of, you know, that type of just, like, wanting it.
And when I look across the board with people that make more than me and people that make similar to what I make, all of them have this very, very fast decision-making style.
And obviously, you want to make smart decisions and all that. You want to make careful decisions. But if you know, if you have your gut feeling and, you know, everything feels right, just go for it.
Just go for it. Don't wait. And... You know, even like the example I gave today with the studio and the videographer, I'm going to guess probably two of you will do that after this call, and the rest of you will put it off until a month from now, and then you'll like, oh, I remember that, let me go do that now, but the person that did it right after this call is already like 30 days ahead of you, and so you imagine across a one year time span, when you have that mindset to just do , when it makes sense, you're going to be so far ahead, so this like, part of the reason why we're scaling so fast is not because we have insane strategies, have insane this, insane that, it's just a combination of how I lead my team, you know, it's how I lead my team, because you guys are being, you guys are being looked at under a magnifying glass by the people on your team, and your followers, and your prospects, and everybody, you have to understand that.
So when you move slow, and you don't make a decision, or you don't take action on something that you should have done, what does that say, you know, what does that say?
So it's just specific things like that, that you guys want to like, take away, you know, I obviously want to help you guys with content and all of this, but even bigger than that, I want to change the way you guys look at your business, how you run it, all of these things, because this will all help, okay?
Yeah, but yeah, I'm so excited for that, for that, for that stuff, that, the things we're going to learn from that guy, is going to be one of one, because I, I like, actually asked them what they were doing, at one point, they were posting 6,000 pieces of content a month, 6,000, so their, their infrastructure is built for volume and scale, and so I can't wait to share, you know, everything that we're learning, it's going to, it's going to be really good, cool.
What do you guys think, by the way, about all of this, decision-making stuff? Does that make sense?


@19:10 - Reyes Abalos
I was just going to say, bro, I think that's fire, bro, because it's true. You have to be the customer that you want, right?
You have to be the type of client that you want to be working with. Question for you, bro, I'm looking at studios right now, and there's a bunch of different stuff that's popping up.
I know you mentioned you would get like, hey, I'll get like 10 shorts, like two YouTube, just kind of crush you, get some different stuff on there.
When it comes to like, actually rolling out that content, I know you have different fits, but if the background is like the same, or something like that, how often do you spread out that kind of content, or like, or mix it up, so it doesn't look like you posted everything from that, that one shoot?
Great question.


@19:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's, so, the beauty in having a ton of bureaus, it doesn't matter where you actually talk about that content.
So you can start the video in that background, but because Because there's so much content B-roll, it doesn't even feel like, oh, you just rinsed a ton of reels in this spot, you know?
The main thing that I would say is that you have to test a lot of formats. If you do 10 reels, and they're all giving value, bro, of course, you're to be like, this, you know, I don't want to watch it.
On the fifth one, they're to be like, yeah, I don't want to do it. So it has to be different formats.
The thing that you're worrying about, it shouldn't be the background, it should be the format and the type of video you're doing.
Anyway, so one should be a storytelling video, one should be a value video, one should be, you know, a video about your upbringing, or something along those lines.
And because it's so different, and you give the viewers a different type of emotion every time they watch that video, they don't know what to expect, even if it is the same background.
So instead of focusing on the background, think about what is the emotion that you can invoke in each specific part of the reel.
because if you're like, the reason why people experience content fatigue is because usually... When you're in one background, you're ripping pure value videos.
And so it's value, value, value, value, value. You invoke the same emotion every time that they see the background, they're like, oh, I'm just going to have this emotion.
I'm just going to be like, oh, that was good information. And so they already know what to expect. There's not that sense of like spont, like there's no spont, there's no, what's this word?
Spontaneity? I know what you mean.


@21:24 - Reyes Abalos
I don't know how to say it either, but yeah.


@21:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Spontaneity, yeah, whatever that Spontaneity, yeah. Yeah, was just trying to think like, okay, I usually say spontaneous. What the hell is the other one?
But yeah, it's just like, how can you invoke different emotions? And once you get good at that , oh, content becomes so fun.
Like bro, I had so much fun filming the shutting down one. I knew that would pop. I knew it.
And people are still talking about that. People have no clue. They're like, and we stopped posting for a few days to have a bigger effect.
Like I knew people were going to talk about that . And people are DMing all of You guys, like all my clients are getting DMs, like yo, so we shut down this thing, what, what's happening, but it's like, no, we're just, we're shutting down CM, we're not, you guys will still get CM, but we're shutting down CM to the public, and we're just introducing specialized solutions.
So it's like, you see that positioning, it's so different, but I sparked an emotion that you don't see at all, and you don't feel at all, and so now when I post my second video, you're going to be like, you're immediately going to watch it to the end, because it's different.
So I invoked a ridiculous amount of curiosity with a video talking about me shutting down my business, which is why that video did well, and I had fun with it, bro.
Bro, had so much fun, I was like, I'm going to, I'm going to make so many people, like, confused, like, what, why would he do that?
You know, off the back of a record month, off the back of that, like, that makes no sense, but that's the whole point, you know, that's the whole point, so, yeah.
Thank you, bro. Of course, of course. Neva, what's up?


@22:58 - maeva
I was just going to mention something. One thing that I like about your brand, SooWei, that actually really got me to catch on to you was, I see you in a very different, unique, yet so luxurious, and also low-key background all the time.
Like, when I had my one-on-one call with you, you were in a hotel lobby, you were telling me to go out of my way to go to hotel lobbies and do all these different things.
So, yeah, you also mentioned the fact that we should get a studio, but one thing that I've done personally, just to make it stand out, because studios are what entrepreneurs use a lot.
But going out of your way to go to specific places, and traveling, like, I know you mentioned this as well, traveling is super important.
And, yeah, so it's not just, like, going out of your way, because everything that we're learning from you is amazing, but it's not just going out of our way to change our business and the systems in it.
But for our brand, we need to go out of our way to change our life and change our way of living, so we can build a better, like, a better brand for ourselves, too.
But, yeah. I love that. I love that.


@24:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think for, you can't build an interesting brand if you don't have an interesting life. And even if you don't have an interesting life, make it interesting.
Like I know, I know all of you are probably working all day. You drive to the gym, you know, maybe eat some lunch, get some Chipotle and drive back and do the same thing over and over again.
But, you know, you look at a guy like Daniel, Daniel Daylon, like he's made that boring look fun by just the angles and the cinematography.
And the way he uses like creativity to express his workspace and all that. And actually, if you guys look at my best vlogs, my best vlogs are actually the most boring videos where I'm just on my desk sitting and just talking, you know.
So there is something interesting about you. just need to find that out. And I would, a lot of you like don't look at travel as like a necessity thing.
I would travel as much as you can because you learn so much about yourself. I'm going to do a trip very, very soon, in like a few days, where I'm literally just going to take my notebook and my phone, and I'm not going to bring my laptop, none of that, I'm not going to work at all, and I'm just going to journal, like, you know, what do I want my brand to be perceived and everything, and Maeva, it's so funny that you mentioned all that, that everything that I'm trying to express in my content is not in your face, it's not loud, it's quiet, but you also know that we make money.
Yeah, yeah, that's the perception you're trying to create, like, there's no, like, you can, you know, I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, I did this, X, Y, Z, blah, blah, blah, it's like, no, no, you kind of, you kind of find out yourself by you seeing the small things, you know, you can pick up on little cues, and that's how you eventually build a brand that's worth listening to, so, yeah.
Yeah, 100%, you're a juicy way.


@25:53 - maeva
Love that, appreciate it.


@25:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Emma, what's up?


@25:59 - Emma Lavri
Thanks. Hello. Oh, I hope you can hear me because I'm in the mountains, but I still wanted to join the call.


@26:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes, I love that, I love that.


@26:06 - Emma Lavri
I wanted to ask you, what do you do in those situations where you want to create content, but you're not inspired to?
How do you get out of that place? Well, let's ask your reverse engineer, why are you not inspired? It's not that I'm not inspired.
I'm kind of focused a lot in sales and it's going really well. But I know that I need to create more content to create more momentum and I want to do it, but I don't have the same flow or like, I'm not in the same flow state that I usually am these days, but I still want to create that content.
So I don't know. I mean, if I put a camera in front of myself and start talking right now, it's not going to be the same as if I really want to create that piece of content, you know?
Okay.


@26:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So what you're doing is you're forcing yourself to do a format that drains your energy and you're in a, you're in a, you're in a.
Stage or chapter of life, where it doesn't make sense to do a talking head video, but what it does make sense is to do a documentation style video, and at the end of your night, when you're a bit frustrated or whatever, you can express your frustration, and just talk about how you're doing.
There's no need to put on a front and act like everything is okay, or you feel like focusing content.
You know, sometimes the best content pieces are the content pieces where it's like, you're literally saying, I don't want to film content right now.
Like, how much, how relatable is that content piece compared to you sitting there, putting on a front and acting like you're happy, or acting like you're smiling, and acting like you want to film content when you don't want to film content?
Why don't you just say that you don't want to film content? And explain why, and explain what you're doing, or you know, like what you're, like what is your thought process behind this?
Because that's different, and that gets people to relate to you. Because how many people actually sit online and post a reel where they don't feel like posting content?
Nobody, right? So now you can tap into a market and relate to them on a level that nobody else can relate to them because it's so different.
Like, that's authenticity. Authenticity is showing up in the way that you are right now, not trying to put on a front and act like someone that you're not.
So the fact that you've said that, that's perfect for a reel. That's perfect for a YouTube video, you know?
And I would be like, you know, I wouldn't go as far as to do this, but an idea that popped in my head is like, I'm quitting content.
That's a bit insane, though.


@28:26 - Emma Lavri
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@28:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I mean, if I do that, people are going to go crazy.


@28:31 - Emma Lavri
I'm in that viral.


@28:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But even then, it's like, why did I say I'm shutting down my company? Right? I did, like, if I, if, if I were to, if I didn't feel like posting content right now, I would argue that there's a bigger lesson in that video than actually people understanding why I want to quit content.
So if I say, hey, I'm quitting content tomorrow. This is my last piece of content. You know, I feel like I'm not just this, I'm this, I'm this, I feel tired.
I don't want to show up on camera when I'm not myself. And I'm quitting, I'm quitting content. I'm not quitting, you can say like, oh, I'm not quitting content, I'm just quitting content that doesn't feel like me, or something along those lines where you change it, because we're not shutting down the full company, we're shutting down one program, and we're opening up two, you know what I mean?
So it's like, you're not lying, it's just the perception that you create will generate a ton of attention, and you're quitting an aspect of content.
So that's just something you can play around with, that's like my viral brain going right now. That's how you generate attention, it's something that's so outlined, it's so out there.
But when you deliver the message the right way, and you execute it the right way, you know, you can get a lot of views, and get a lot of people relating to you.
And so instead of people complaining like, oh, you clickbaited, it's like people will just clap for you, inspire, like, you guys are going to see the YouTube videos, and the reels that we post, people are going to be like, wow, you know, I respect this like crazy.
something that you can do, I would just show the fact that you are. frustrated, and just be authentic, be real, okay?


@30:03 - Emma Lavri
I really like that, because the thing is, maybe this also happens to more people, but I see people that are in my niche, that post some type of content that I hate doing, but I'm aware that it converts a lot.
So I sometimes force myself to create that type of content, and it does convert, but I hate doing it.


@30:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And I'm thinking. Why don't you talk about that?


@30:28 - Emma Lavri
Yeah, I could do that. I could do that.


@30:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Just think about how many of your clients and your prospects are forcing themselves to do that type of format, but feel like they're not, you know, they're not themselves.
I was doing that for a long time. I was doing just value videos. You guys will see, like, you know, it's, it's not one of those things that you solve overnight, but if you hammer it every single day, and you find your tribe of people that don't want to post content, it doesn't feel like them.
Now, Emma is super different and unique compared to all her different. all the people out there, you know?


@31:03 - Emma Lavri
Okay, I will upload the video today. Thank you very much.


@31:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You should do it while hiking as well, that gives it the aesthetic, or you should do it while having a mountain in the back view and be like, today I just didn't want to work, I didn't want to make content, I didn't want to do this, and I decided to go on a hike for the whole day.
That would rip, that would 100% rip, so figure out the finish day, and then lean into it, okay? Yeah, plus it's really nice.


@31:28 - Emma Lavri
There you go. Yeah, okay, thank you so much. Of course.


@31:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes, and how can I help, brother?


@31:34 - Iestyn Krauze
Yo, I was curious if you had, like, a schedule or something that you have in place, so it's like, Monday I post, like, value, Tuesday, lifestyle, or whatever it is like that, and then, like, this format, this day, this format, that day, just to, like, so you don't get content fatigued, and you actually know what's going up on what days or what specific content is going to be in what format, etc.


@31:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, good question. I wouldn't say, like, I could sit here and say, Oh, you know, do this, do that.
But it really just depends on what my business needs. Like if I need lead flow, I'm going to post, you know, value videos, things that, you know, people will be interested in.
If I need trust building, I post storytelling. And if I just, and then I just post the other, the third type of content I post is just whatever I want.
Honestly, if I want to do like a lifestyle video, I just do that. So I wish I could tell you like, hey, I do this Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, but I feel like when you have such a strict regimen, you don't allow yourself to be creative.
Because you're constantly, you're treating content as like a KPI, like a sales rep. You're like, oh, I have to hit this outreach, or I have to close this amount of sales.
And that's when you don't have that creative vibe. The whole point of content is to be flexible. I would say 30%, like 33% value, 33% storytelling, 33%.
Whatever you want. That is in my. My High is the perfect mix, and if you have that, you'll be good, I wouldn't have like a strict regimen, simply because you just won't be creative, and it's not going to be your best work, you're just doing it because you want to get a value piece of content out there, not because you have the best value to share.
So you'll be in different stages, like I'll be in stages where I'm learning, I'm reading this book right now, I'll show you guys, I'm reading this book, and I'm learning a ton, a ton.
So this is the book I'm reading right now, and I'm halfway through the book, I've already created like 20 different reels and value videos, based on what I learned from here.
And so you have to understand like, when you're in that stage of posting value content, are you in that stage of learning, do more value.
But when you're in that stage of like, hey, like, you know, maybe like Emma, she's on a hike, you know, I'll rig whip out a journal, and just talk about myself, like, why do I even do this?
And just find different reasons. it's like, the best content ideas come from when you don't even try and when things just come naturally to you.
So don't force it, but position yourself in the best way to give the best value if you are giving value.
So before you script a value video or you do an idea or you do a, you know, whatever, are you reading enough books?
Are you consuming enough content? Are you learning enough? Are you doing any of these things? Because that will ultimately determine if your value is good enough.
Now, if you're doing storytelling, do you even understand yourself? Have you spent time alone? Do you understand what actually makes you different?
Have you done the onboarding? Have you done all of that? And it's like, the best, everyone looks at the effect of like the script, the hook, the idea, everything, but no one looks at the cause.
Because the best ideas don't come from you looking at someone else that you can take that as inspiration. And obviously that's a proven concept, but no one actually looks internally and wants to learn or wants to read more.
Or wants to... Someone wants to do that, you know? Like one thing we're doing is the reason why we're changing our positioning is because info as a whole will always have a negative stigma, no matter how good your product is.
And that's what I realized, you know? And you look at guys like Hermozzi, Russell Brunson, Tony Robbins, these are the industry leaders in our space.
They all sell info. They all sell consulting. But their front end is events. How many of you guys know Funnel Hacking Live?
You know Russell Brunson's ClickFunnels event, right? He hands you the million dollar, like million dollar a month award, ClickFunnels award, and everyone wants the Two Comma Club award.
And people don't realize this, but he sells info. Bro, his info is his main bread and butter. That's how he makes most of his money.
But his perception is so high and his positioning is so strong because it's off the back of events and it feels real.
Connection, there's all of these things, he's packing out stadiums, like, why do you guys think I'm leaning towards this?
It's because I'm studying the guys that are ahead of me. I'm studying the guys ahead of me and seeing what they're doing, right?
Like, the biggest industry leaders in our space all have a few things in common. They all host in-person events.
They all have multiple companies, and they all have extreme intention in their positioning and messaging. So one thing we're doing, it's like, we may be partnering up with a few SaaS companies as investors to further establish a brand.
Now, imagine our brand, knowing that, okay, we host very, very big in-person events. We give out our awards, all of that, all of that in a stage, you know, we are affiliated with two to three SaaS companies that you know.
Off of these three things, four things alone, the perception is just so much higher, and everything that I'd say it's going to be better.
But I wouldn't have gone to that point if I didn't understand or learn from someone or study what the industry leaders were doing.
So, yes, and for you, it's like, how can you feed yourself with better information and more information on what the leading B2C guys are doing?
Because it's just a matter of finding out what they're doing that you can reverse engineer. And a lot of the times, the things that's hard to replicate is the thing you should strive for.
So I'm not going to host an event anytime soon. And it's going to be a few months from now.
But we're building up to it. And I know that once we do do that event, the positioning will just be so, so good.
Because imagine B-roll of us speaking in front of a crowd of 100 people. Imagine sharing a stage with industry leaders that you know.
All of that. You can't replicate that. No, like, very few people can replicate that. And so what is it that you can replicate that your competitors can't and will take them a very long time?
If they even wanted to try to replicate it, you know? Yeah, appreciate it, bro.


@38:06 - Iestyn Krauze
Main thing would be just feeding your mind with the right information and studying, okay? Yeah, perfect. Thank you for that.
Awesome.


@38:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Allen, what's up, brother?


@38:16 - Allen Speigner
What's up, man? Yeah, I was curious, kind of bouncing off Emma and somebody that had mentioned something earlier as well, but do you feel like when you're in those specific studios or making videos, that your workflow is different than when you're just at your apartment making it?
Because, like, one of the thoughts that I've had, because I do a lot of, like, recipe content, is just booking an Airbnb for, like, four days and just batch prepping meals for the entire month, essentially, having those specific days for reporting and then, like, going back to my house.
Because I don't love, like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah.


@38:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How would 100% do that? 100%. Because I will say, when you're in an environment where you're not used to it and it feels more, it feels new, it feels different, it feels perfect.
Professional. You show up different on camera. Like if I, if I turned on the camera right now and I was filming, I mean, I'm in my, I'm in my house, you know, I'm in my apartment.
It's like, this is where I stay. This is where I sleep. This is where I do everything. Like, I'm not going to like have that presence that I would want if that makes sense because you're always.
So I say for you, it's just like 100% do that. And you guys are going to see a nine day difference because, because you don't even realize, I subconsciously, you just speak better.
Your tonality is better. Your conviction is better. Everything is better. So I would 100% do it, man. 100%. Yeah.


@39:43 - Allen Speigner
Awesome.


@39:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Dylan, you got, you got anything, brother? You're all good. You're just listening in?


@39:50 - Dylan Vandamme
Just listening, man. Awesome. How are you though?


@39:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're all good? Yeah, doing good.


@39:54 - Dylan Vandamme
I have a project manager right now. So fulfillment is finally down then. Now. I finally have some more time and, yeah, the energy to go back and marketing and sell, so.
Let's do it, bro.


@40:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. I'm excited. Awesome. Reyes, what's up, man?


@40:11 - Reyes Abalos
What's up, bro? I have a question for you. I feel kind of embarrassed asking it just because I feel like everyone here is probably pretty familiar with, like, creating content, but I feel like something that I really struggle with is kind of describing to the editor how I maybe want him to, like, actually make the real look or feel or, like, how to add different shots because, I mean, I barely started learning what B-roll was, like, I didn't even know, and, you know, that's, like, basic stuff, so, like, any tips on, like, I guess how to learn, how to be, to understand, like, what different terms for editing are so I can maybe communicate with my editor, with him better because I feel like my editor is good, but I don't know how to give him the right, the right direction, so I can't blame him because it's more on me being able to kind of give him a better idea of what it is that.
I want, if that kind of makes sense.


@41:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, okay, cool. So, man, don't ever feel embarrassed about asking a question. Like, that's one thing I will say.
I think the moment that you feel like that is the moment that you stop yourself from achieving what you can, you know?
So, that's a question I think a lot of people in this call would actually benefit from. That's the first thing I'd say.
Now, second thing is, like, the way that I go about it is I usually have a reference video that they look at.
And that reference video, you know, maybe it's invoking a different emotion. Maybe it's invoking, it's doing a different thing.
But the way that they executed that video was very clean. Maybe I like the way they did B-roll. So, I would take different bits and pieces of content pieces that I like.
So, let's say for this one, I like how the background music amplifies the emotion that they're speaking about or the emotion that they're trying to invoke.
The background music plays and it kind of puts you at, like, it puts you at unease so that you watch the full video.
I like The way the background music does that. But then I like this other video where the B-roll is super clean and super aesthetic and it flows very smoothly.
And I like this other one where it's like the guy is just talking with so much conviction and so much authority.
So I took three different bits and pieces of like the B-roll from here, the background music from here, and the conviction and the speaking from here, all into one reel and then boom.
So it's all about reference pieces and then usually what I do is I film looms showing the editor how to tie everything back together.
And then I specify, okay, background music, I want to invoke this emotion. B-roll, I don't want too much. I want just a little bit.
And you want to help. You don't just want to use random B-rolls. You want to use B-rolls that help break down what I'm trying to say better.
So if I'm saying that I'm frustrated, have a B-roll of me, you know, putting my hands to my head like this or some , you know, that's what I would do.
Okay.


@42:54 - Reyes Abalos
Perfect. I appreciate that, bro. Thank you so much.


@43:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Over time, it's just going to come naturally. Yeah. Awesome. Cool. Cool. Pierre, you got any questions, brother? Or you're all good?


@43:11 - Pierre Gourdon
No, for now. trying to think about the question, but nothing is coming.


@43:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. No worries, bro. No worries. Yeah, you can just take a lot of lessons and all this from the other answers I give anyway.
So that's good. All right. Any other questions, guys?


@43:30 - Kennedy Davis
Not a question, but...


@43:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Go ahead. Not a question, but I'm just, like, thinking, too, because, like, when you're saying this, like, I live in St.
Louis, Missouri. Yeah.


@43:40 - Kennedy Davis
Probably a lot of you guys don't know where that is because it's kind of boring.


@43:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But, and then I just looked up podcast studios, and it's not really, it's more of, like, like, radio studios.
Yeah. And so I'm just thinking, like, it is getting sunnier, like, to maybe go to, me and Maeva talked about this a little bit, but, like, going to parks, because, like, I have the same background.


@44:00 - Kennedy Davis
And every video, or like maybe kind of how you said, like the B-roll, like mixing up those clips. So yeah, I'm just like churning of like, okay, how can I actually get creative at that time?
I'm moving soon to Dallas or Miami and like by September, but until then, we kind of were like, I don't know, I have to get like super, super outside the box.


@44:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Get creative, get creative. I mean, I went to a park yesterday, I filmed like a banger YouTube video on a reel.
I sat on a bench, it was super aesthetic, the trees were swaying in the back. It was sunny, it was perfect.
You get creative, you know, even the fact that you're in the middle of nowhere is a reason to get out there, you know, because now you can be like, hey, if I'm creating content, I'm getting this amount of views and all that.
And I, you know, I don't have that much things to work with, you know, like, why can't you? And so now that leans into like, why Kennedy is different from everyone else, because now your competitors are maybe in this part or this portion, but you've been able to make.
Make work in, you know, like your state. So something like that is just really cool. Okay. Yeah. So I could take that.


@45:06 - Kennedy Davis
I could just say that, like, talk about that angle of like, you know, the way. 100%.


@45:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
When I was in Malaysia and I didn't really have anything to work with, I would just say like, hey, I'm literally in Malaysia.
I'm filming content every single day and I'm making it happen. What the hell is there to do in Malaysia?
It's just beaches and stuff. Yeah. It's just beaches. And so, like, yeah, beach is cool, but like, can't film there every day, you know?
Yeah. And so that's an angle you can take. All right?


@45:33 - Kennedy Davis
Perfect. Thank you. Cool. All right.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@45:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
My turn. I want to ask some questions. I want to get a bit of clarity on what specific questions that you guys want answered.
So these are the main cohort modules that we have in line. And what do you guys, first of all, is there anything that you feel is missing?
Do you feel like, oh, a module or a, you know, in-depth video on this one would be, on this topic would be amazing?
Just... Just... You know, this is discussion time, so you guys don't need to stay muted. You guys can just unmute.
What do you guys think would make this better? Because we already have the first two modules built out.


@46:14 - Emma Lavri
I think for me personally, one thing that would help a lot is maybe a section where you explain your worst mistakes that you've made in content so you can correct them if we're not able to see them by ourselves.
That will help me a lot. Mistakes to avoid, right?


@46:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, like for instance, maybe we're doing content recording in the wrong way or maybe starting it in the wrong way and then we're not attracting the qualified ICP or something like that.


@46:43 - Emma Lavri
From your experience, I think that would be useful.


@46:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, beautiful. I'll get that. Anyone else? And by the way, guys, be selfish. If you guys are like, you know, not saying what you actually feel like, your question won't be answered.
And I can answer this in detail. And actually spend days preparing with material and examples and analogies and all that, okay?
So yeah, yes, then what's up?


@47:07 - Iestyn Krauze
I'd say like maybe a video like breaking down like one of your videos and your full process behind making that video.


@47:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Does that make sense? So like, yeah, we know you've got really sick content, but what's your full process behind it to get it to say content, you know, so we can implement it for ourselves.
I like that. So like the entire thought, the ideation?


@47:29 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, like from the ideation. So literally from the part, like, so you put it like you are a 60 second reel and like you pause the reel, Okay, cool.
This is what we're thinking here. This is why we implemented this. This is what we wanted out of this.
This is the feeling we wanted out of the person watching this. And this is why it worked. Then another 10 seconds, go by pause.
Okay, cool. Now this part, this is where we had the video from in the first place.


@47:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Does that make sense? Yes. Ideation, thought process, intention with the reel, execution, breakdown.


@48:00 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, of like, just like the whole process of it.


@48:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Perfect. And this would be beneficial, not just for viral videos, but for middle funnel as well, right?


@48:07 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, yeah, for, yeah, just everything, yeah.


@48:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oof, this is, this is, yeah, beautiful, and I'll do this in this cohort, which is going to be sick.
Nice. Maeva, what's up?


@48:18 - maeva
I would say really going deeper into the psychology of content, because we know that it's not just about, like, formats, hooks, or being able to do research, but it's really about being able to touch the other person's emotion.
So going deeper into that would really help out.


@48:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, what do you mean by that?


@48:37 - maeva
Because messaging and positioning, let's say, it's not just about, like, saying certain words, but it's being able to psychologically trigger certain emotions in a person, because that's what content is, if you're able to say the right things.
You can literally get like, you know, five figure pips. So yeah, just going deeper into that would really help.
Okay.


@49:08 - Kennedy Davis
Maybe this might add to what you're trying to specifically say, because what I was thinking in my school, I did a section of like the psychology of why people buy from brands.
And I know you probably have had different mentors or talk to different types of people. So I would like to know, like your insight of like, and even you talking to like Iman's creator, like, I'm sure how they and why they do specific things, or like, even maybe that's the, the feeling the music or anything like that, or even just like, what people invoke, like what they say, kind of like what maybe we're saying, but like, why, what is the psychology behind these big brands?
Or like, even like Kim Kardashian, Kylie, all that kind of stuff. Does that make sense?


@49:52 - maeva
Like a little bit deeper into like, why do people buy from these big brands, even Apple and Nike and things like that?


@49:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Okay. I love it. I love


@50:00 - maeva
Yeah, just to add on to that, like, I was on a call with Kevin, and he was going over, like, even the tiniest things from, like, fonts to colors, like, I'm not asking you to go that deep, but it shows just how much you can engineer your brand to get certain results, so, like, I want to maximize the input and know how it's actually going to impact the person that this is reaching.


@50:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love that, okay, sick, sick, we're gonna, we're gonna do that. Allen, what else can we add, brother?


@50:30 - Allen Speigner
Yeah, I'm curious specifically on the visual identity portion, like, what's in that, because I know lately you've been talking a lot about, like, getting more into fashion, and how you're perceived, even just outside of the business, so I was curious if that specifically is what that was about, or if it was more of, like, how do you appear in your content?
Yeah, I guess how you appear outside appears inside as well, but.


@50:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There's a few things that we do, it's like, you know, people will make assumptions of you before you even talk, before anyone hears your hook, blah, blah, blah, and then if your first impression doesn't communicate, I'm someone worth listening to.
And nobody will stay around to actually listen to what you're even talking about. And then we go over like the three things that you need to master in this order.
So we go over the lighting. What is the best lighting? What is the best setup? Like, how do you look the port?
You know, very, very stuff. Like my guy, Yash, will go over this. He's a creator for eight years. He helps me set up all my lights.
So all that. And then camera quality. What do you need? All of these things. And then payload three is how you dress and how you come across.
So these are like the small, like the three tweaks that you can make to instantly elevate your visual identity.
How can you change your light? How can you have a better, like the best camera quality on whether you're filming on an iPhone or whether you're filming on an FX3, whatever the camera you're filming on, you know, how you dress, like if there's still like low, like levers to pull that don't take a lot of effort, that will help you, you know?
And then, yeah, like that's the thing. It's not going to be like this crazy. Um, thing that you don't know about, it's just like, how do you execute this super, super well, one time in your setup, and then have it be repeatable, you know?
So, yeah, yeah, does this make sense?


@52:11 - Allen Speigner
Yeah, for sure, that's, I honestly was expecting you to do the, like, fashion aesthetic thing, just because you said that you've mentioned it a lot recently, and that's something that's been, like, on my mind that you've been saying, which I think is pretty cool, especially because not, like, like you said the other day, we all show up and play in t-shirts or hoodies or whatever, like, but.
Yeah, perfecting that kind of vibe, I figured you would talk about, so I thought that that would be cool to have in.


@52:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What would you want to see in the visual identity, or not just you, but, like, anyone? What would you want to see more of?
Would you want to see more of, like, what do you need to buy? Is it specifically, like, you know, anything, like, or?


@52:52 - Allen Speigner
Yeah, I mean, for me, the how you dress thing was, I like how you've been talking about that and elevating the kind of, like, basic look.
Um, cause I feel like that's how we all kind of dress. Um, so I was interested to be here on your, your take on that kind of stuff.
So.


@53:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. How to elevate basic circle up. I love that. Cool. Awesome. This one's going be fun. I want to have fun.
Maybe I might pull up a few outfits for this one, you know, who knows? Show you guys a few, a few clothing pieces I have, you know, visual, visual demonstration.
Um, but yeah, I will say like, I used to not give a damn about what I was wearing. Like not care at all.
But do you see how it's like, if I wore life beaters in my recent videos, or I wore a simple shirt with not like, you know, tight skinny jeans, it just wouldn't hit the same.
Like my reels just would not hit the same, but it's because there's a bit of like style, a bit of like, you know, you, you kind of see like, oh, I mean, I don't.
You guys noticed, but like we, I really like to rock baggy pants, and like tighter, or more well-fitted shirts, that's kind of like, the simple breakdown of what I do, it's just simple, it's just simple, and it's like, it leans into who I am, but then also, it's just like, it's nicer to look at, it's nicer to look at, okay, so yeah, yes, and what's up, what else would you want to add, bro?


@54:21 - Iestyn Krauze
so, I don't know whether it's in what you've already done right now, but I'll go down, just like, finding the content that we enjoy making, and we look forward to, and how do we find that, if that makes sense, because like, I'm pretty sure it's not just me who faces it, but like, we've gone over it before, it's like, content is like, it should be part of something you look forward to, because it's part of the business, right, but for me, it's just like, here we go, what content do I make, and is it gonna hit, or do I even enjoy making it, and it kind of just drains you, you know, and I know you said about like, you found the format for you, that you feel energetic, and you look forward to do it, and like, I just feel drained after it, but I want to like, actually look forward to it, because I feel like when I find what it is, I'll actually be excited to make
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@55:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, if that makes sense. Yeah, okay, I like that. So finding a format that aligns with your... Making you kind of look forward to it, you know?


@55:09 - Iestyn Krauze
Your strengths allows you to show the best version of yourself.


@55:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, exactly that, yeah.


@55:14 - Iestyn Krauze
And what about like the scripting and frameworks? Is that inside any of that right now? Scripting frameworks? Like the scripting and the frameworks behind it and what you're trying to cover on each part of the video that you're going over.


@55:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, in the breaking down your viral videos, yeah? Yeah, yeah, in the breakdown, yeah, and like the script and the frameworks behind it as well.


@55:38 - Kennedy Davis
Someone who does that, sorry, someone who does that well is Mino Lee. He, on his YouTube channel, he like will literally do a 60-minute video of him.
He's like, I got 30 minutes to script, 20 minutes to film this, and does it all together. And it's like seeing his whole process of how he ideates, looks at YouTube video, gets ideas, things like that.
I've been watching some of his videos recently.


@56:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Mino's so funny. I'm going to meet up with him in New York. That guy is so funny. Is he one of your clients?


@56:06 - Kennedy Davis
Or was one of your clients? He Yeah, yeah.


@56:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
We worked together for a bit. We scaled him. We scaled him pretty fast. We scaled him pretty fast. He's doing six figures a month now.
It's pretty easy to do it with him. But yeah, he's really funny.


@56:17 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah. You see, the thing about Mino that I love is he just doesn't give a .


@56:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
He just posts whatever the hell he wants. And he's just like, bro, I don't even care about this. I'm just doing this because it's fun.
Like, he gently enjoys this . So, yeah. Yeah. I love what you brought him up. Yeah.


@56:33 - Kennedy Davis
Awesome.


@56:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, what's up, man?


@56:37 - Reyes Abalos
I was actually just going to ask something similar. Maybe something around, like, the scripting framework because I feel like I'll get the idea, but then I kind of overthink and try to perfect the hook, like, the visual hook and, like, what I'm going to be saying that it kind of becomes, like, a bottleneck for me and, like, the creation process.
And so, yeah, just, I guess, maybe something. to where, like I know you said in the modules before, it's more about learning the framework so that you're not relying on like an actual like script, so to say, but maybe something a little bit more in depth to kind of give us a better idea of how we can just become better at like, at scripting and writing the hooks.
I like that.


@57:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. Yeah, that's sick. That's sick. Cool. Thank you, bro.


@57:23 - Reyes Abalos
Cool, cool, cool.


@57:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hoku, what's up, bro?


@57:25 - Hoku Arnold
Yo, so, I don't know if you have this already, I saw systems and tracking, but like, two things would be like, managing your editors, and then like, maybe hiring a creative director and whatnot, like, even though you have that massive personal brand already, obviously, y'all are able to help a ton, so just like, finding that A-plus talent, working alongside with it and whatnot, obviously, you see Iman, and then the, I forgot the other guy's name, his partner, , runs it all up for him, and it's crazy.
And then last but not least would be, kind of just like, In my situation, I think you might have a problem with this too, is just like, I have so much content, and we both have that creative mind, and I have these ideas and whatnot, but it's so hard to implement because I have so much ideas, and I don't have enough editors for that, I only have one or two, you know what I mean?
So it's just like, managing that content, and getting it done, I feel like a creative director would kind of somewhat be a solution to that.
Yeah, I mean, something in the sense of that, if that makes sense? Okay, yeah, so like, management SOPs, how to train, how to set the right expectation, all of that stuff, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then, I guess to even just ask you a question, like, how would you go about it when managing content, when you're just going so fast with creating so much, because I have all these ideas, I have all, like, I kind of really get the system ready, it's just like, I don't implement as fast as I could, maybe I need to be more intentional, but I feel like every idea is valid.
You know what I mean? I feel like I've proved that to myself. So it's just like getting it quick, and I don't want to hire four to five editors.
It's just a lot getting thrown at me. You know what I mean? It depends on the format, which is why I think a lot of, like, you won't have this problem once you understand the format that you do.


@59:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Because the reason why you're facing an operational bottleneck is because you're not being intentional with the filming itself. If you were able to basically pinpoint exactly when the reel was, help them find it, you have to understand the editors.
Like, when you guys do videos where you're talking, like you're recording a group call, that editor has to go through hours of footage to even find a clip that you thought was good.
Yeah. It is your duty to essentially find that kind of, that timing of when you had that clip to help him with that process.
So I'll definitely cover that. I'll definitely cover that.


@59:54 - Hoku Arnold
Perfect. Perfect. Appreciate you, bro. Of course. Of course.


@59:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick. All right, anybody else want to add what you guys would benefit from in the content modules? Lucía, anything from you?


@1:00:12 - Lucía Troyano
I really liked what you said about the authenticity and like real with what you're living in the moment. And afterwards, if I can, I will ask you a question regarding that and my situation.
Yeah, of course, of course.


@1:00:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Yeah. Okay. You guys are all good? This is the main stuff. Yeah. Awesome. Okay. Let's go ahead and wrap it up here.
We're going to get cooking on the cohort side of things. Oh, Jomar, I feel so bad. I think you missed time.
It's daylight savings and stuff. So we started, I don't know if it was an hour early, but yeah. I'll the recording ASAP.
I got you. All right.


@1:00:57 - Jomar Baterina
All right. Thank you. Oh, I didn't even know that. Yeah.


@1:01:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Um, but I'll make sure to announce, oh no, Nigel's here too, I think you guys, yeah, I should have announced the Daylight Savings, we just wrapped up, bro, we just wrapped up, so, this is gonna, I'll stay back for a bit, I'll stay back for a bit, but, yeah, um, I'm gonna get cooking on the cohort modules, guys, it's gonna be really fun, we're gonna officially start on the 15th, so we'll get that going, but, uh, I'll stay back, Lucia, I'll answer your question, and then, yeah, we'll take it from there, take care guys in a bit, see ya.
Thank you, Okay, Lucia, how can I help?


@1:01:37 - Lucía Troyano
Thank you so much, um, so basically, I've been doing, like, several styles, styles of content, and since I started making more money, so my content kind of elevated, but it's been, I started doing more, like, podcasts, I went to the studio several times, and I really enjoy it, but it's really, it's been harder to hit the numbers that I usually.
got with my more like talking head style videos that I really know how to put them off and they always perform well.
And yeah, I'm going through this phase of like, okay, this works, but it's not aligned and this is not working, but it feels more aligned, but still it needs like a little bit of refinement.
So how would you manage like this situation?


@1:02:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
First thing I'd say is that you have to understand why does a talking head video work so well? So you reverse engineer why that actually works well.
So you're already, first of all, you've probably been posting talking head videos for quite a while, right? You've already practiced that format a lot.
It sounds natural, it sounds smooth, your tonality, your conviction, everything. The way that you come across on camera is already really good.
So if you expect yourself to perform the same way you've been doing talking head videos in your studio videos, you have to remember like the reason why you're good at talking head videos is because you've done it hundreds of times.
You've done a studio, you know, maybe once or twice. done it. You've done You've it. So what I would say, it's like, I would reverse engineer, like, why are the videos actually performing well?
Does it feel authentic? Does it feel genuine? Like, and I would find a format where, because right now the talking head, the nature of talking head, you can build more trust because it feels more relatable.
So if you take the relatable script and you do it in a podcast or a studio room, it's not going to hit the same.
Because the studio, have to, that's like expertise, like the vibe that you're giving, the, you know, type of, the perception that you're creating is that I'm an expert at what I do.
And so when you talk about the same thing that you're doing, you're talking head video, of course, it's going to be misaligned.
I would talk more about expert content. And if you can send me a few specific videos with the reels, I know you speak in Spanish, like your content's in Spanish.
So if you can send me the English translation, I'll look at that. And then we can hop on a call next week.
We can do that. Let's, let's do next Monday or next Wednesday. Wednesday, and we'll go over your offer and your content together, okay?


@1:04:03 - Lucía Troyano
Thank you, okay, nice. Does that work?


@1:04:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, thank you.


@1:04:06 - Lucía Troyano
perfect.


@1:04:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Um, cool, what's up, Jun?


@1:04:11 - Jun Nam
Yo, yo, um, yeah, I joined late as well, I didn't know it was an hour early. I should have, I should have did a reminder, that's on me.
Um, yeah, so, I saw that you're coming to US. Um, bro, and you know I'm in Canada, so I'm thinking of, you know, pulling up.


@1:04:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Pull up New York, pull up New York, bro.


@1:04:29 - Jun Nam
Yeah, yeah, yeah, New York, New York, New York. New York's gonna be a movie.


@1:04:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm meeting so many people in New York, it's gonna be insane, because, like, apparently all the Asian creators are there for some reason.
So I'm gonna be, like, I'm believing my people, you know? There's so many Asian creators over there, it's ridiculous, so, pull up New York.


@1:04:47 - Jun Nam
Yeah, okay, sounds good.


@1:04:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I already sent my tickets in the, in the, in the community, so you can just book same time and , bro.


@1:04:54 - Jun Nam
Okay, okay, sounds good. So, is it just, like, kind of just, like, a, like, a meetup, nothing like a mastermind or anything?


@1:05:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think, would you guys prefer a client meetup day, or like something more casual? Nigel, what would you prefer, brother?
You know, honestly, it's whatever you want to do.


@1:05:17 - nigeldaley
I mean, yeah, bro, at the end of the day, it's what you want to do. When it comes to, I might pull up to the New York one, I'm not going to lie.


@1:05:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I have goals that I need to hit in order to even go, so I'm not going to let myself go unless I hit a certain point.


@1:05:33 - nigeldaley
Yeah, bro, I might pull up to New York, because I've been just rinsing Miami all the time.


@1:05:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it, let's do it. New York will be a vibe. We can do like a meetup in Miami and New York.
So I'll have like one day where we just like spend time with the clients and stuff. We'll go on like a morning run, work out of a cafe, hit the gym, some like that.
I think it'd be really fun.


@1:05:54 - nigeldaley
Yeah, but yeah, it'll be good.


@1:05:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It'll be really good.


@1:05:58 - Jun Nam
So should I just... Go ahead. What's up? I was asking where you were from in Canada.


@1:06:04 - nigeldaley
I'm from Vancouver.


@1:06:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Is that like east?


@1:06:14 - Jun Nam
Uh, wait, I'm trying to. I don't know. It's like below like California. It's like same as like California.


@1:06:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
, that's west. Dog, that's west as . Okay. I mean, west west, yeah, yeah, yeah.


@1:06:27 - Jun Nam
Same as California.


@1:06:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What they teaching you in UBC, dog?


@1:06:34 - Jun Nam
That's funny.


@1:06:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Yeah, it's going to be good. It's going be good. I'll finalize some times because like, obviously we're going to be, I'm going to be visiting like the fan bases and WAP headquarters.
And so some days I'll be busy, but I'll finalize times that I'm free. We can definitely link up on those days and yeah, we'll run it.


@1:06:50 - Jun Nam
Should I wait on getting the, like the tickets and stuff? Because I probably can't be there for like the whole duration that you're there.


@1:06:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah. So like, just wait a little bit.


@1:06:59 - Jun Nam
Wait a little bit.


@1:07:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But wait a minute, let me finalize the dates and , and then we'll do like a New York, and a Miami meetup.
Oh, it's actually going be five.


@1:07:06 - nigeldaley
Okay, sounds good.


@1:07:07 - Jun Nam
Bro, I'm on B-roll, Max, bro.


@1:07:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm on a, bro. You don't understand, the content's going up. I'm going pull up in my fits. Me and Nigel are going to be side by side like this.


@1:07:21 - nigeldaley
New York, New York for fit picks, bro, they're going to go crazy. And for the content in general, we'll go crazy for you.


@1:07:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It'll be fire. It'll be so fun. So, I'm excited. I'm excited. First time in the U.S. We're going to vlog the whole thing, so it'll be really cool.


@1:07:36 - Jun Nam
Sounds good. Sick. All right.


@1:07:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, my gosh. People are just joining. I feel so bad. I should have made an announcement earlier. Andrew just joined.
I know. I know.


@1:07:47 - Andrew Wilkes
I saw my Google Meet chat, and I saw the announcement. I was like, damn it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@1:07:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's why I should have made that one hour announcement beforehand. But, bro, the new crib looks sick, bro. Thank you, bro.


@1:07:59 - Andrew Wilkes
I appreciate that. I saw saw saw that. The studio setup, it looks clean, I love it.


@1:08:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I'm super hyped.


@1:08:03 - Andrew Wilkes
Question, is it always going to be 11 a.m. EST now?


@1:08:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's 4 p.m., so I'm, the thing is like, I operate in UK, so it's just always 4 p.m. UK and 5 p.m., 5 p.m.
UK on Wednesday, 4 p.m. UK on Friday. That's what it is, so.


@1:08:19 - nigeldaley
11, no, okay. Yeah, daylight savings, it'll just be adjusted one hour.


@1:08:23 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, so I moved it, I moved it to this time now, I switched to my Google, so I'll be here every time, I appreciate that.


@1:08:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, I'll send the group call recording ASAP, but I won't lie, it was nothing crazy. I'll ask you guys a few questions real quick, actually.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
I'm doing these cohort modules. Are there specific things that you guys want me to cover that you feel like, yo, if you went into detail for this type of topic, bro, my content's going to blow up.
So, a few things, people are saying like psychology of content, breaking down viral videos, the ideation thought process. Tension, script breakdown, all of this stuff, middle funnel videos, like, is there anything that you guys would want to see?
Andrew, go ahead, brother.


@1:09:09 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, so first thing, I think my neighbor's baby's car, I'm getting used to the condo life, sorry about that, but the first thing that I'm thinking is, I just dropped a video, so I had a personal win, I had one video do well, like an outlier for the first time in a while, for organics, that's great, so you know, that's a big personal win for me.
Oh, yeah. But, with that also being said, we're getting a lot of, like, CTAs, for something specific, but I low-key, I wasn't expecting the video to do as well as it did, like, people asking, so how to maybe, not just generate leads, but how to build out correlating, like, micro VSLs, or guides for the videos that you're pitching.


@1:09:51 - nigeldaley
The lead magnets?


@1:09:53 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, lead magnets, like, how to create solid lead magnets, because it's, like, we have VSLs and stuff, but, like, specific.
Typically for the videos that we're making, that makes sense. Okay, sick, I'll get that cooking. But yeah, our organic video got us two booked calls in 24 hours, and it got us, we have four inbounds, and we got four CTA comments.


@1:10:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So we got potentially 10 leads from one video.


@1:10:21 - Andrew Wilkes
So that's the first time we got leads from anything other than an ad in a while, so a personal one.


@1:10:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's fire, that's fire. I'd love to see it, man. Nigel, what's up?


@1:10:29 - nigeldaley
Yeah, I would say, well, the biggest problem for me, I actually talked to Kim about it, think two days ago, and it's a common reoccurring thing that I still haven't gotten down, so it'd be great if you make like a module on it.
It's ideally, it's like essentially like messaging to, it's, we've talked about it before, but messaging that filters out bad leads and is aligned with the people that you actually want, right?
So it could be, you know, two different videos about the same topic, but in one... One, your messaging attracts, I want to say, just unqualified buyers, and then the other one is sort of the ideation behind, like, creating good enough messaging to where you're attracting quality buyers.
Does that make sense? Yes, yes, yes.


@1:11:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How to try sophisticated model for this.


@1:11:21 - nigeldaley
Yeah, literally. If you had, like, an in-depth breakdown on that, that would be good. Hell yeah. You talked about it in group calls, but if you had, like, an actual module, I think that would be helpful.


@1:11:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, this, this 's gonna rip for you guys. I'm very excited for this. So, I'm gonna spend the whole day tomorrow just, like, cooking this up, building out this entire, you know, all these modules and everything.
So, yeah. Anything else you guys would add? See, I've got one thing.


@1:11:47 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I've got no top one. I've just smashed the gym session. I was thinking, like, if you could do one on how to, like, revive an Instagram account, in a way, because I...
used to get like 10k views every post, minimum, back in the day, and then like, it lowered, because I just converted loads, did loads and archer content, and I know it's most likely just posting good content, right, to revive, but it'd be cool to like, it'd be cool to have something where like, when an account has already been posted on loads, has a good amount of followers, which I think a lot of coaches are in, and it actually like, is a thought process behind a lot of coaches that are doing well, is how to get that account, that was performing well, that got to like 20k followers, 10k followers, all the way back up to its old, original viewpoint.
Yeah, okay.


@1:12:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
the steps you would focus on, and prioritize for us to do that. Awesome, all right, let me look that up, brother, that's good.


@1:12:46 - nigeldaley
Oh yo, and Sui, for more context on the one that I, I just said, um, your competitor actually did a good job, you made a video on it, Nick's setting.


@1:12:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What did he say? He dropped a, I'll send, I'll just send you the talking head link, bro, but he literally like,


@1:13:00 - nigeldaley
Like, you summed up everything that I said way more clear.


@1:13:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Fine. Yeah, send me that, and I'll get cooking, bro. This is going to be really good.


@1:13:08 - nigeldaley
Yeah. Sick. Sick, sick, sick.


@1:13:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Send me the Discord, yeah, so I can see it.


@1:13:14 - nigeldaley
My gosh, my gosh. Dope.


@1:13:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, I'm going to get cooking. You know, you guys know the new timings and all that, so I'll finalize the dates for the client meetup as well in Miami and New York.
We'll get that going. I'm not sure about, I don't think I'll have an official New York meetup, but Miami won't for sure.
Miami won't for sure, so yeah, we'll run that, okay? Sounds good. What's up?


@1:13:43 - Andrew Wilkes
Are you doing a house, or like, what's the play? I don't even, I don't think it's going to be a house.


@1:13:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think it, I mean, it just depends. I don't think too many people are going to, it's mainly going to be people in Miami that are going to be at the Miami.
Miami things, so I don't think a house would make sense, I'm probably just gonna have like a B&B with like my career director, and then whoever can pull up for a week or two, can pull up, but we'll just like hang out, do it in a day, smash some workouts, all that , you know?


@1:14:14 - Andrew Wilkes
Nigel, let's book that today, book that today. Bro, okay, I have goals, I was telling Sue I have a goal and I need a hit, but yeah, you can book it.
Let's say it's 100k days for Nigel. Because you're going on, what, the 18th, right?


@1:14:28 - nigeldaley
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm going to be sure on the 18th, but y'all can come like later in the week as well, it doesn't have to be like the full time, because I'm there for a minute, bro, like two weeks.
Yeah, we'll see you.


@1:14:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bye.


@1:14:38 - nigeldaley
All right, take care guys, in a bit. Easy. Peace.


Thursday Mastermind - April 02
Thursday Mastermind - April 02


VIEW RECORDING - 60 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Wyatt
Good, how are you?


@0:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
All good, bro. All good. Oh, well, we got Wyatt on a call. haven't seen you on a group call in a minute, to be fair.


@0:06 - Wyatt
I wasn't going to join, but then Maeva told me to.


@0:09 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
This meeting is being recorded. Maeva knows. Maeva knows. Maeva, how are you doing?


@0:15 - maeva
I'm good, Aidan. How are you?


@0:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good. I'm all good. Last couple of days in London, then jetting off to New York, so looking forward to it.


@0:24 - maeva
bye. Are you excited?


@0:25 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure. I love New York. went there last year around 4th of July, which is probably a good time to go.


@0:31 - maeva
Nice. New York's fine. I miss New York, but last, when I went, it was in October, so it was raining all the time, and I didn't really have fun.


@0:39 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. I'm hoping the weather's decent. It's still like April, but it should be good. I don't know. We should get some more people in here.
I'll wait for some more people to join. But I don't know. We've, UK, like, the timings have changed, so I think the meeting times are a bit messed up.
All right, go ahead, bro.


@0:58 - Wyatt
All right, I got a person today that has a sales. Scott with both of us so let's see who closed them.


@1:02 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
really? was it?


@1:05 - Wyatt
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.


@1:08 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Interesting.


@1:09 - Wyatt
This is like the third one and every single time neither me or George closed them.


@1:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Right.


@1:15 - Wyatt
they've been hard to describe. They've been hard to describe.


@1:18 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay, interesting. I want to see, I'll see how that goes. Let me know how it goes. I'll either see a successful payment notification in our discord or I'll know you shank them so we'll see what happens.


@1:28 - Wyatt
Yeah, there's enough, enough money to go around so it's all good no matter.


@1:31 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure. For sure. Jakob, how you doing, brother?


@1:36 - Jakob Schnitzler
Good. How about yourself?


@1:38 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good, bro. I'm all good. Can't complain. Life is good. You're in a different, different location today.


@1:43 - Jakob Schnitzler
What's going on? I'm actually, I'm back home in Germany right now.


@1:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I went home for Easter break. Oh, nice. I saw we did a little link up. I think it was you, Finn, I believe.


@1:52 - Jakob Schnitzler
Who's the third one? Max. He's like new in the community.


@1:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I know Max.


@1:56 - Jakob Schnitzler
Oh, it's fire. fire.


@1:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nice. Love to see it. That's all. I see, I think Suwe, Suwe's heading to, he put in the announcements channel, he's heading to Miami, Wyatt, I believe you're staying with him for a bit, and then New York after that in early May, so anyone in America, or anyone who can get themselves down to America, make sure you do, because that'll be pretty sick for you guys, but should be good.
Kevin, how are you doing, bro?


@2:21 - Kevin Walton
I'm doing better, I'm fighting a cold right now, so I'm a little dead, but yesterday was a rest day, but I'm not shivering anymore, so that's good, how are you?
ACTION ITEM: Schedule group call w/ Kevin re: visual identity/brand - WATCH


@2:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good, bro. Guys, big shout out to Kevin, I had a call with him last week, he kind of ran me through, same thing he did with Maver, where, you know, helped with the designing, like a visual identity.
Honestly, this guy is like very good at what he does, so if you get a chance to jump on a call with him, or, you you need any device in that area, in terms of, you know, building out your visual design, what fonts to use, colours to use, and really like building a brand that fits for you, definitely hit him up, I'm going to try and get him to do a group call as well, see where we can slot that in.
And then, yeah, well, once again, bro, I really appreciate that.


@3:03 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, no, appreciate it, dude. Yeah, I will nerd out on your brand. If anyone's interested in that, I will absolutely geek out at actually building out something that works for your personality.
So, yeah, just message me. But yeah, no, I appreciate this kind of words, man. Yeah, you're such a chill dude to work with, honestly.


@3:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Appreciate it. Kennedy, how are you doing?


@3:26 - Kennedy Davis
I'm doing well. I'm doing well. How about you?


@3:29 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good. I'm all good. Good to be back on, back on the Thursday calls. Always, always enjoy them.
So, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna rip a, um, content format call today. So, should be good. Run through like five formats that you guys can start ripping, um, because we haven't done one in a couple weeks now.
So, that should be really good. And then, yeah, we can dial, dial everything in from there. Get your guys some more lead flow, get some more views in, go from there.
But yeah, I'll give it another couple minutes while people are still joining. Um, and then, yeah, we'll get started.
Yes, Dyn, how you doing, bro?


@3:59 - Iestyn Krauze
I'll favor Bye. Amazing brother, how are you?


@4:03 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good, where you at, you still in Colombia?


@4:05 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, got like a week left.


@4:08 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Where you headed after?


@4:09 - Iestyn Krauze
I have no idea, but got a flight tomorrow, no, day after tomorrow, I just need to book a place and then I don't know where to go after that.


@4:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Fairs, I like it.


@4:17 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah.


@4:19 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Going everywhere, are you?


@4:20 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah.


@4:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Good , good . Dylan, how you doing bro? You've become quite consistent on these calls, I never used to see you, now you're here quite a few weeks.


@4:30 - Dylan Vandamme
Yeah, I was just really stuck in fulfilment last month and now I have a product manager, so now I have more free time to get back on track on marketing and sales, so yeah.


@4:41 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah.


@4:41 - Dylan Vandamme
Doing good.


@4:42 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it bro, good to have you, good to have you. Ajani, how you doing bro?


@4:50 - Ajani Burgess
Yo, doing well, doing well, good to see you. How's everything here?


@4:54 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah bro, going good, should be a good call, so looking forward to it. Good to have you back on the calls as always.


@5:00 - Ajani Burgess
Thank you, thank you.


@5:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm sure. Guys, saw, Maeva, you actually tricked us yesterday with your April Fools. That actually scared the out of me.
I was so confused. But for context- No, I got you guys good.


@5:12 - maeva
I pranked everybody around me, it was so funny.


@5:15 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, you're pulling out April Fools pranks from everywhere. Yeah, I woke up on that.


@5:19 - maeva
Did you actually fall for it?


@5:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Well, to be fair, I woke up pretty late, so I'd already seen the context of, oh, it's actually an April Fools joke, but I was reading through it from the start, and I was like, oh .


@5:28 - maeva
I see how they fell for that. Yeah, I basically told them, I was like, I'm so sick of this program, I want a full refund right now, I don't care what you say.
And they're like, what's going on? And then I told them, April Fools.


@5:41 - Wyatt
It's too bad to you.


@5:44 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
But yeah, that was funny. I'm glad I didn't have to deal with it, to be fair. I think Kim Chi saw it, she's really scared shitless, and then revealed it, but it should be good.
Ned, how you doing, bro?


@5:56 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, Maeva, that is actually so jokes.


@5:59 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I'm good, thanks. Thanks, man. Good to have you. Good to have you here. How are you finding the program?


@6:03 - nedsainsbury-plaice
You've been here a couple of weeks now. Yeah, it's cool, man. I enjoyed our one-to-one.


@6:07 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That was sick. For sure, bro. For sure. I had quite a few, bro. This week's been stacked with one-to-ones.
I feel like I've been speaking to all you guys this week.


@6:14 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I appreciate what you do after. It's cool. You sent me that whole notion doc after.


@6:19 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That's super valuable. Nah, I got you. I think that's the biggest thing because especially when you're getting, I say this quite a lot, especially when you're getting insights from every part of the business, it can get pretty overwhelming.
So just breaking it down into actionables for you probably makes it, you know, a lot more digestible and easy to implement, but yeah, should be good.
Should be good. But anyway, I'll jump into it. It's already 10 minutes in and yeah, pretty much today's call.
We're going to run through a bunch of content formats that I've seen perform really well recently. Some things you guys can implement for yourselves and yeah, we'll take it from there.
But most of probably been on these calls before, but for those of who haven't, this is kind of how we structure it.
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
We'll go through, you know, what the actual. Format is, like an example breakdown, we'll go through, you know, example of it, a reference video, so you guys actually can visualize it a bit better, then we'll go through why it works, common mistakes people make when they do it, and then like a general video framework, just to help you guys have some more structure, and obviously I'll stop in between each one if you guys have any questions about the format, so just general questions, we'll wrap it up with a Q&A at the end.
Got pretty much, literally, I'm not limited for time as well, so if you guys have any questions after, because I know these can sometimes take a bit of time to go through, then feel free to stay back, and we'll dial everything in, but first format I want to go through, I think I've been mentioning this to a couple of you guys recently, this is one thing we're leaning into quite a lot now, and this is like documentation, so not like a crazy, I didn't really come up with a creative name for this one, but it's effectively using like real recordings to show exactly how you run your business, rather than just explaining it in theory.
So, a video we did for Suway, that performed really well in the last month or so, and a lot of people actually went on.
to copy this was where he'd set up a camera and basically filmed a group call where he was grilling one of the new editors we brought on so I was actually on this call wasn't the nicest call to be on but basically if you haven't seen it it's basically like a speech he's giving to one of the editors and yeah it's very raw very authentic very behind the scenes and we're actually demonstrating you know how he manages his team rather than him you know doing a talking head video where he sat there telling people you know how he manages them so I'll kind of let the video play out in the background but the reason this is you know so powerful is because one it's very time efficient like you guys don't need to sit there script a video plan it out a lot more but two it comes across a lot more authentic right it's very behind the scenes you know it's very authentic because this is stuff you can't fake and this is something you can't really deliver as information you know it's only so much you can tell people this is how I do it but actually showcasing the execution is where it's a lot more powerful and a lot more actionable for people so we look at you know why this format actually so
Instantly, we're removing any skepticism because, as I said, you can't really fake this sort of stuff. Very authentic, very real, and there's no faking it.
This is exactly how he manages his team. On top of that, it's quite a rare format, so it's a bit of a pattern interrupt because typically you're used to seeing people sit down, maybe do a scripted video, talk in heads, maybe one of the raw talk iPhone videos, whereas this feels like you've kind of been caught out in the moment.
What we actually call this in media terms is mise en scene, something like that. learned that in GCSE media for all you UK people, but a bit of my education coming in helped come into play there, but yeah, obviously it's more of a pattern interrupt.
We're jumping straight into the action. It's more down to the actual clipping of the video and how interesting we can make it.
And once again, we're increasing the perceived value of our offer and positioning you as more of an authority because we're showing that you don't need to script everything.
You don't need to have everything planned out. This is like actually What you do on a day-to-day basis. So it builds a lot of trust on that side of things.
Now, common mistakes for this style of video is, you know, not giving the viewer any context, right? The viewers actually need to understand what they're watching.
And the way you execute this is through the clipping of the video. So, you know, making sure you cut out any of the fluff, making sure the messaging is really clear, making sure the actual hook of the video is super clear, and then also having a really good title hook.
So especially with like those blackboarder videos, having a little title at the top where you actually establish the context and what you're talking about.
On top of that, sometimes people show a bit too much of like the operational detail, go a bit too in depth, which can ultimately, you know, leave the viewer confused.
So the whole aim is how do you actually deliver a message in the simplest way possible and the way that makes sense to people?
And then another one's like using low quality, chaotic footage, and they're not really being a clear takeaway. So on these calls, we obviously talk about how important it is to have a payoff, right?
Each video should have a payoff. People should feel like they watched a video and either feel entertained or So making sure you have a payoff is really key as well.
Now, in terms of framework for video, as I mentioned, it's all about, you know, having that pattern interrupt and getting straight into the action through mise-en-scene, which is where, you know, you get straight into it.
There's no, like, structured, there's not too much of a structured hook. It's very into the action. And then you jump into the context where you break the fourth wall.
You go from, like, the behind-the-scenes field to a bit more of a structured scripture. Scripted video where you explain to the viewer, you know, what they just saw, why it happens.
Then also explaining, you know, why is it unique to your company? Why is this something only you guys do?
And this is what's really going to help put you on a pedestal and show, you know, how you're different.
Similar to the unique mechanism videos we've gone over a couple of times where you're showing, you know, how you operate your business and why that's unique to you, the outcome people get from it.
And then to zoom out, more just, you know, explain the outcome. But that's the documentation style of videos. Once again,
It's good because you don't need to script, you don't need to sit down and record. It's something you can kind of integrate into what you're doing on a day-to-day basis.
Any questions on this format before we move into the next one? Perfect. I'm going to share, as always, the presentation after the call as well, so you guys can get ready to implement this for yourself.
And then, yeah, you'll have access to all the frameworks and then the reference videos, etc. But, as always, I would recommend picking apart the formats that fit your business model, fit your audience the best, and implementing those as soon as possible, testing them out, and then going from there.
Now, another one that's really time-effective is the b-roll slash voiceover videos. So, if you've been watching our content a lot recently, one thing you'll notice is we're doing a lot less sit-down, talk-and-head videos.
We're doing a lot more of the, you know, documentation-style videos, or this format, which is basically where we film a voiceover and then we pair it with...
We have, you know, B-roll, and the key is that the B-roll matches what we're talking about, so it supports what we're, what we're saying.
Now, I'll show you guys the reference video for this one as well, but effectively what you'll notice is you won't see a single clip of Suwei actually talking to the camera.
All it is is a scripted voice, like voiceover, we've just paired it with cinematic B-roll, but the key thing is we're using visuals, and we're using, you know, B-roll that actually supports what we're talking about.
It's not a relevant B-roll, it's, you know, extremely specific, so obviously here we're talking about 10k a month, shopping, then we're showing a watch, you know, being happy, showing me happy.
Sounds very straightforward, but the biggest mistake I've seen people make is using B-roll that's not even relevant to what they're talking about.
Now, the reason that's important is because you can actually help your audience visualize a lot more and help them understand the importance behind the messaging for that video a lot more, but that's kind of a reference video for the B-roll voiceover format.
Now, three The this works so well is because it frees you from being on camera. And this basically lets the footage carry the visual weight, right?
It means you can really drive home the message a lot easier, because instead of using, you know, just words to explain a certain concept, you're able to use visuals.
And on top of that, it's a lot more time efficient. All you need is good quality voiceover and, you know, B-roll that you can pair it with.
You don't really need to set aside time to film. You don't need to make sure you've got a nice backdrop or lighting, or you have a nice camera.
It's simply a matter of having good audio, good B-roll, and then getting an EDSA to pair it together. And then, as I said before, know, actually having B-roll that's paired with storytelling, the effect that creates can't really be matched from, you know, the classic sit-down talking head, because typically with a lot of talking heads, you know, you're kind of going to lose your audience in the explanation.
They're going to feel a bit bored. There's not really many passing interrupts. They might get to the end of the video and, you know, they might not understand kind of what you're talking about as much.
But this obviously helps explain it using the video. So super important to keep them engaged, and actually make sure the payoff is really strong.
In terms of common mistakes, as I said before, a lot of people use b-roll that doesn't really necessarily match the voiceover, even in like talking head videos, I see this quite a lot, and this will just lead to the viewer actually dropping off, because, you know, they get confused, they don't understand what you're talking about, and yeah, it's just not engaging at all.
Voiceovers that sound scripted and stiff, once again, should feel really natural. Now, obviously, make sure it's scripted to a degree, there's an actual structure behind it, because, you if what you're talking about doesn't make sense, the video simply won't perform, but yeah, making sure it's super structured, but also sounds quite conversational, quite natural, is once again, going to help perform well.
Obviously, if you're having, you know, low quality or generic b-roll, it's just not really going to do as well.
The more cinematic, the better, and obviously making sure, you it actually matches what you're talking about. In terms of frame of the video, very straightforward.
Now, as we said before, any videos with, you know, a contradictory statement, So anything that's controversial, goes against the grain of your industry, anything negative, tends to perform a lot better, so for this type of video, definitely opening with a contradictory statement, maybe a negative statement, maybe something where you call out your audience would work really well, and then providing context, so reframing the viewers' limiting beliefs, comparing it to your hook, which is your belief, something you found within your industry, and then helping your audience visualize the contrast between your belief versus the viewers' belief, obviously with the B-roll, and paired with a voiceover, and then zooming out, so, you know, really making sure the payoff is super strong, and the messaging is super clear, but, if that's that style of video, Reyes, I believe you have a question, bro.


@16:41 - Reyes Abalos
Yeah, bro, I appreciate you breaking this down, I was actually just thinking about this, because I started to film some more talking head videos, but I felt like they needed some B-roll, and then you're kind of mentioning, hey, doing, like, a really good voiceover with different B-rolls, I'm sure Sui has so much content at this point, that he can kind of maybe, like, pick and choose different things, but for someone,
Like us, or like myself, who's maybe getting a little bit more started, how do you go about planning to shoot B-roll content, not just for like a specific video, but so that you can maybe have a bank of stuff that your editor or you can use later on?
Because I feel like I don't really have much B-roll, and the videos, like you said, like, if it's just you talking for a minute straight, like, it's pretty hard to keep somebody just watching you the entire time, you know?


@17:25 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure. So, this is the, this is the, by curiosity, do you keep all your B-roll in Frame then, not Google Drive?
Yeah, Frame's 10 times easier. So, for anyone using Google Drive, we used to use Google Drive as well, but we switched to Frame because, especially for like longer videos, let's say we film a client interview, which is like 30 minutes long, you can't actually like preview the upload.
Like, on Google Drive, it says this video is not processed yet, download it to watch it, where it's on Frame, you can fully preview it.
And yeah, in Frame, it just feels, you know, you want to have it all in one place, it's a lot more organized.
So, yeah, we just keep it in Frame, and it means, you know, other people can collaborate, we can add.
We can tell our editors, you know, feedback. can show them where they need to clip from certain videos. So overall, it's just a lot easier.
A bit more expensive, but it's worth it.


@18:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Do you keep all of your content then, even like your long forms in Google Drive?


@18:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
We've got like, I don't even know what the editor is. This is the second account staff that I kind of work on as well.
You've got like A-Roll. So let's go. If you think February Mastermind we had in February Mastermind, we've got Sweden down here.
Like, there's a lot of footage in here, but we've got like the day-by-day of the Sweden trip. So I don't know if anyone who's on the calls there, but might recognize some of this.
ACTION ITEM: Send Loom on Frame.io org + Sui b-roll drive to Ned + Reyes - WATCH
And then you can even see we've got voiceover clips here. So these are the clips we use for the voiceover videos.
But yeah, literally all our footage is organized in here.


@18:44 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Could you film like a short loom after this, like showing how you organize ?


@18:48 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, sure. I'll get that dialed in. We can run through that.


@18:52 - nedsainsbury-plaice
would be so sick. would be so useful.


@18:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, Ray, let's answer your question. Like, this is kind of how we structure our B-Roll. We've basically organized... So we've got some where it's like laughing, we've got more like action focused on like reading, running, swimming, don't know how we've got so many in swimming, working, that's like a key one, but I think the main thing you could understand is like, what are the b-rolls you're going to use the most, so for us I know videos of Siway working, we need to get a lot of these, because typically that's the main b-roll we use, or videos of like payment dashboards, those are ones we seem to use quite a bit, sometimes even videos of him like looking stressed, anything with him presenting, so if you can make a list of like all the b-rolls that you think would, you know, you'd use the most, that would be the first step, and then also just listing out, you know, other types of b-roll you'd need, but I'll send over Siway's b-roll drive as a reference video, and then Ned, I'll create that video as well after, where I show like step by step, what we've like, how we've structured it, but yeah Reyes, that's how I'd kind of structure it, how are you?


@19:54 - Reyes Abalos
Sweet, I appreciate that, Bron, and one last question for you on this, when it comes to filming the b-roll,
Are you basically, every time you guys go film, you have the intent of, all right, hey, let's just, let's get some B-roll for, let's say, working, or for running, or for self-care, because I'm also thinking about, like, cool, I can go out there, but I don't want B-roll in the same fit for every single, you know what I'm saying?
So, like, to kind of switch it up, is it just, hey, get what you can every time you go film, and then little by little, it just accumulates and builds up?


@20:23 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure. Like, sometimes we'll, okay, we've got in the habit now where Siwa will bring multiple outfits, if he knows we're going to be filming a lot of content that day.
Which is super smart, and we'll, like, switch up, you know, where we're actually filming the videos as well, so have different locations, but I'd say it's a balance of actually going out there and planning, you know, we're going to get this B-roll today, maybe the editors have told us we're lacking working B-roll, or it's feeling a bit repetitive, so we'll actually go out and plan, okay, let's film this B-roll, but then a lot of the time, where we're filming, and obviously the team's together quite a bit, where we're filming quite a bit, we kind of clip B-roll from segments we end up filming naturally.
So in Sweden, for example... example... You know, we got B-roll intentionally, but a lot of the B-roll came from us just documenting the whole trip, and then clipping up certain parts.
So if you can just get in the habit of filming and documenting everything, which I know might be quite hard, especially, you know, for yourself, you're doing a lot of real estate stuff.
So it's kind of something you've got to build the habit of. If you can get in the habit of that, and then on top of that, set aside time sometimes to, you know, film B-roll, then I think you'll end up stacking up quite a bit over time.


@21:26 - Reyes Abalos
Perfect. Appreciate you, bro.


@21:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. Perfect. Perfect. All right. We'll run through the third format. So third one I've got, and this is one I keep seeing quite a bit, but it's basically like a dream outcome format where it's like a Raw Talk iPhone video.
You're basically painting the picture of a dream outcome, and you're using visuals to, you know, reinforce, you know, the audience visualization of this outcome.
So now the reason this is so good is you can literally call out a dream outcome of your ICP.
So a lot of you guys have issues reaching your target audience or, you know, attracting the... Right people, maybe it's your attracting unqualified viewers, maybe it's the people you are attracting, you know, aren't necessarily aligned with your vehicle or, you know, the outcome you're selling.
So here you can really push the dream outcome for people and really call out your target audience and make sure your videos are reaching the right people.
So there's a couple versions of this. One guy I've seen do like a, this guy did like a 10 out of 10 male habits.
So I'm already thinking a fitness coaches, um, or, you know, Jakob, um, someone like yourself could rip something like this for, you the football side of things or a few business owners.
I mean, yeah, you can do a pretty generic one of like 10, 10 business owner habits or tools, stuff like that.
can get really creative with this. Um, but effectively all you're really doing is stating what it actually is kind of stating an outcome or like a dream outcome.
Um, typically people go from talking like the, the first ones they talk about are very mainstream, so well known.
And then as they go further on in the video, it gets a bit more niche, which is a really good way to keep watching.
Um, and yeah, effectively. He's breaking down, you know, 10 out of 10 male habits for this one. So one thing I want to point out as well, using visuals to actually explain what they're talking about.
So it helps the audience visualize it quite a bit. Even using like stuff like numbers. three times a week makes it super actionable, makes it very easy for people to implement, which is obviously one thing that's super key in terms of getting your videos perform well.
This guy's is kind of similar as well. I've seen quite a few of these, but he's basically talking about more of dream outcome, peak 20s male life.
He's got visuals to support it. And he's basically painting the picture for people. So anyone who aligns with this dream outcome is really going to resonate with this video, really going to engage with it.
And it's something they feel like, you know, this is going to help convert them into a follower. Maybe they're even going to save it and come back to it.
But run you through kind of the like why this video works. Now, first thing, as I said, it allows you to directly call out your audience.
So if you're someone who struggles with reaching the right people, this is really good to actually, you know, push your content to the right people.
Make sure you're building an audience and a community. So you actually resonate with, you your message or your goal.
Once again, as I said, it's very relatable. So this means, you know, there's a lot of high shareability and people are often going to save this video or share it with other people who can also relate to it.
Once again, really doubling down on the fact that, you know, your video is going to get pushed out to people who actually resonate with your messaging a bit more ICP.
So calling out the right people. And on top of that, as we've seen with like the general raw iPhone videos, the kind of aesthetic, the personal aesthetic, lowers like a psychological barrier, makes it feel more personal, and actually like a direct message, like you're having a conversation with the viewer behind the camera.
Whereas typically with talking heads, we're sat on a camera, you know, good lighting, high quality editing. Sometimes it feels a bit more, you know, robotic, maybe less humane, whereas this feels a bit more personalized.
It feels more like you're speaking to your audience specifically. Common mistakes people make. Now, being too vague, as I pointed out, the hook of the video, the title hook, and even the images people
You want to make sure they're super specific, and you're really painting the picture, because that means the whole payoff behind the video, like what people are left with once the video is complete, is going to be super strong, and that's what's going to make it really hit home.
As I said, also describing your outcome instead of the viewer's outcome, like it needs to actually be about them and what they want.
I was having a conversation with a fitness coach, a good friend of mine, the other day, and I was telling him, he's basically got like a really cool, he's basically built his own app for his clients.
I'm also like one of his clients, but he's built his app for his clients where, you they can see everything, they can see their workouts, he's got video modules in there for them, he's got like their blood test results, their workout trackers, etc., and you know, he was really hesitant against showing this in the content, because he was like, this isn't something that would necessarily make me interested, I wouldn't really buy if I saw this from someone.
But I kept pushing him, was like, bro, people who actually want to be your clients, your clients who actually want to see this, this is really going to help them, help push people from, people viewing your...
The moment he started showing it in the content, he started getting more and more sales in. So one thing that he understood is that, you know, instead of always thinking about his desired outcome, he needs actually understand what his viewers want.
And that's one thing you guys can kind of learn from that as well, like really describe the outcome of the viewers rather than just yourself.
And then another mistake is just not using like supporting visuals. So not having images, maybe not having V-roll that links back to what you're talking about.
This kind of just loses the aspirational pull, makes it less engaging, and the viewer can't necessarily resonate with it.
doesn't necessarily hit home with what they're thinking about. In terms of video framework, you guys kind of understand the whole visual hook, title hook, and verbal hook now.
The visual hook would be, you know, the photos at the bottom that relate to what you're talking about. The title hook would be giving context around the video.
So for example, you had 10 out of 10 male habits or what peak life would look like in your 20s.
So you're really explaining, okay, you know, you're setting the scene for the video pretty much. And the verbal hook is basically doubling down.
fan bestDALE of know... Yeah, But And summarizing both of those into one and keeping people on the video so they know what to expect and their expectations are met.
Once again, context, really calling out your ICP. So who is this video for? Maybe it's people in their 20s, maybe it's people in the fitness industry, people interested in going to the gym, maybe it's online business owners who are this age, maybe it's business owners making this amount of money.
So this allows you, as I said, to call out your ICP and directly address your audience. Build phase. So the way they structure their videos is they talk about one topic, which is quite broad, and then they gradually get more niche.
Kind of what me and Tua have been telling you guys to do with your middle of funnel content, you know, using very top of funnel hook, getting in the eyeballs and then transitioning into the more middle of funnel value.
It's a bit more niche, but they'll effectively take an idea, start very broad, start very generic, and then get more niche as the video goes on.
And then finally, they'll zoom out and potentially finish on, you know, the most unexpected or unique item that people might not necessarily be expecting.
So a bit of a pattern interrupt, very engaging, a very strong payoff. Um, but yeah, that's the, like, Dream Outcome raw iPhone videos.
Any questions on those before we break down the next video? Or are we all good?


@28:09 - Pedro Oliveira
I have a question.


@28:11 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Go for it, bro.


@28:12 - Pedro Oliveira
So, on the zoom out, like, what would be an example, like?


@28:19 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Uh, I mean, we can show you in, like, this video, to be fair. Oh, let me think, we'll rip it on this video.
But, like, effectively, you would just notice, like, as the video goes on, it just gets more and more niche.
So, I believe the first one for, um, this guy is talking about lifting weights, right? So, you'll notice, like, each one, I think Wyatt's ripped this as well, sick.
Um, well, I'll go to your page after. But you'll notice, like, each one wearing headphones, right? Investing in yourself, I'm still quite generic, but eight hours of sleep, six to eight a.m for content.
So, that's super more, like, that's a lot more niche, very specific to who you might be targeting in this content.
Finding a trusting partner, still quite niche, I don't know how long this video goes on for, yeah like Simple Foods, so still very generalised, still very broad, is it going to stop at any point, but you get the gist, like it gets very generic, it basically, it starts quite generic, like obviously going to the gym three times a week, very generic, but also very actionable, and then it gets a bit more specific, but yeah, you can kind of play around, and I it doesn't necessarily have to get more broad, that's more just a way to hook people in, so you feel like, you know, they need to watch until the end, um, because I know he mentions that in the hook of his video, and that's what encourages people to wait till the end, because they feel like they might be missing out on something, so it creates FOMO.


@29:42 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool, cool, yeah let's see Wyatt.


@29:44 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, let's see this one, let's see what Wyatt's been cooking up. Yeah, similar to this one, uh, yeah this is what I mean, this style is very like, um, I think we went through this format on the first content format call, but like, this format and
And this new one are kind of similar, just like slightly adjusted positioning, but yeah, you can see it just gets a bit, bit less, um, less broad and goes more generic, goes more specific.
Yeah, sick. Obviously this one performed pretty nicely, pretty nicely. Decent bit of engagement on that one. Okay. I see, I see you shining bright.


@30:21 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, got bro.


@30:25 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Um, yeah, any other questions on that before we move on to the next video? Perfect. Okay, this one. Now this is kind of an OG one.
This one blew up, um, I think early last year as well. Um, but Devin, who's also in the program, I thought I'd feature him in this one because he's been ripping this one recently and it's doing numbers for him, but effectively, I'll run for it in a second, but it's basically a pen and paper breakdown video where, you know, you take a framework, you take an idea and you're like physically drawing and writing out the concepts in real time and, you know, using text, using visuals to actually explain the framework, explain the idea and the messaging behind
So, before we actually break down the video, just want to show you the performance of it for Devin as well, because it's been absolutely ripping.
I think he gained like 2k followers alone yesterday from it as well, but like you can see here 37k views, 68k views, 682k views I mean, and then you've got, I think he's just started ripping as well, but just done another one, 9k views in 19 hours.
So, this one's absolutely ripping, and you can see each time, he's basically explaining a different concept, so you've got law of attraction to manifest your dream physique, he's got kind of the same thing here as well, so doubling down on it, and then a manifesting method, so we'll watch this video and kind of get an idea of how it's structured, but effectively, as I said, he's taking a framework of like a manifestation method, talking about when it only takes 5 minutes, so once again, setting the expectation very clear, he's basically breaking it down very step by step, kind of making a visual, explanation, so firstly, a lot easier to understand, and a lot more enjoy
Like, there's so many pattern interrupts because he's constantly writing something, drawing something, moving his pen around, and he's just adding to it very quickly over time.
So that's kind of how that video is structured. Obviously, after the call, you guys can go through and fully watch every example video, but the reason these work so well is because they're very saveable.
So it's like another way of delivering a lot of information, similar to like a talking head video, but it feels like a very actionable masterclass being delivered in 60 seconds.
You're taking a framework, you're breaking it down, you're making it super actionable so someone can take the advice you're giving them and implement it right after watching the video, and that's all delivered in under 60 seconds.
So very educational, the payoff is very strong, and it's super saveable. And as we spoke about on last week's call, where we're going through doubling down on outliers and a bit of the tracking, saves and shares are, you the most important metrics that you can get on your videos.
So pushing to get those, pushing people to save and share your videos is ultimately going to mean it gets pushed out more.
And I mean, just looking at Devin's... We can see that as an example, but the writing and the drawing, you know, creates fast pacing and visual momentum.
As I said, there's a lot of pattern interrupts, whether that's what he's writing, whether that's what he's drawing, what he's doing with his hand, how he's moving the paper.
So, you know, makes it very easy for the viewer to watch. And the visuals obviously help support that. And on top of that, it makes you actually seem, you know, like an authority, positions you as big authority, positions you as strategic, very intelligent, someone who actually understands what they're talking about, because you're breaking down a concept.
You're not just setting up a camera and making yourself look smart. You're actually doing it in real time. Now, some mistakes people make are picking kind of generic concepts that aren't unique.
Now, you want to take, you know, the less known frameworks. want to have similar, like, your unique mechanism. You know, how can you show this and deliver it in a way that actually makes sense for people that they might not have seen before?
So maybe that's, you know, using a different framework overall, using a different idea or message, or just breaking it down in a much more simple
And as I said, making it really, really actionable. No mistake, as usual, this kind of applies to every video, but making it way too long, or even like for this example, drawing too slow or writing too slow.
One thing Devin does, he didn't sit there, I think he had like 30 rules there, he didn't sit there and write each one out each time, basically cut the camera between each one to make sure the pacing is really fast, video is punchy, super intentional, so people are actually getting what they're asking for.
And you also want to make sure you've actually got strong verbal narration, it's like a voiceover, alongside the writing, because this is going to help you double down on the messaging, this is going to help you explain the concept, and it's just going to make the video make sense a lot more, you just got to make sure it's actually in sync, so, you know, you're not drawing and writing stuff that's not matching what you're saying, because that's just going to make it super confusing.
But, in terms of the framework for this video, effectively, all you're doing is promising an outcome in a time frame, so Devin's ones were like, talking about the law of attraction, an exercise you can do in under 5 minutes, this is the outcome that's going to get you, giving some context.
So, framework, as I said, like law of attraction, what's the importance of it, you know, what is the dream outcome that it links back to, and then obviously filling in each section live, so Devin broke down like a 30-step, 30-step, I don't even know what necessarily it was, more like a framework, and he's filling it in live, obviously not making it really slow and doing it one by one, but cutting it apart in real time, making it super straightforward, and then obviously zooming out, so what is the outcome, you know, why does this work, leading into the current situation of viewer, the limiting beliefs they may have, and then tying it back to a dream outcome, people want to face, but, this one, I reckon could be super good for a lot of you guys, be kind of careful, because it looks, you know, kind of cheap, you've got a pen and a paper, but if you've got a good framework, you want to explain, you've got something that makes you guys look unique, and you think this is a better way than a typical talking head, go ahead, rip it, I'm sure, I'm sure you guys can get some crazy results from it, but, yeah, any questions on this one before we move into, I think Wyatt said it could do an iPad, I like that, that sounds good, good, but,
Yeah, any questions on this one before we move into the next one? Okay, perfect. This is the last one, and then we'll run into a little Q&A, and obviously I'll send access to the presentation and everything after the call, and we'll go from there.
But last one is basically series content. Now, we might have covered this one before, but I feel like the biggest mistake people make with the series content is making it super repetitive.
You know, there's nothing different about what they're talking about. However, if you execute it the right way, especially the way this guy's been doing it, I've seen a couple other guys, you know, crush it with series content recently, they can work really well.
So Reyes, I think this one could be super cool for you, especially in like real estate. I've seen a lot of Airbnb people or real estate people rip this.
Same sort of thing for like the fitness coaches. If you can find a way to not make it repetitive, definitely rip this style of content.
Jakob on the football side, this could be super cool. So yeah, in terms of series content, I mean, it's very...
It's straightforward, I don't really need to explain, it's just recurring videos built around a consistent theme and format, so for example, this guy, his is talking about how he's getting a property on like every part of the central line, so anyone who doesn't know what the central line is, if you're from America, it's like literally the main like train line in London, so it covers you know one side of London, East London where I'm from, to West London, but yeah he's basically buying a property on every side of or every part of the train line, now, reason it's important, he does Airbnb, so it's a really engaging way and actually a good way to make a series out of something that, you know, isn't really repetitive, he's buying a new property each time, people actually want to see, you know, what's the property, what does it look like, how much does it cost, where is the property, it's super engaging, obviously you can see here he's breaking down how much it makes him, what the costs are, stuff like that, so much more engaging way of saying, you know, this was day one of me getting property X, this is another if quite풍ed
Day two of me getting another property is just found a way to make it more engaging and taking a very unique angle with it.
But why this works, it basically makes watching your content a habit, right? Followers are going to wait for the next video rather than stumbling on one video.
I know for a fact, when I was a kid, I used to watch all these YouTubers online. They might have a series where we used to watch back in the day.
But I know for a fact, I'll be subscribing. I'll be waiting for that next video to come out, waiting for the episode two, because it creates a habitual consumption.
Minecraft, but I was going to say a Minecraft series, but I was like, these guys will not take me seriously if I start talking about Minecraft videos.
But Pedro knows. But yeah, like it creates that habitual consumption where people are actually, you know, they want to come back for episode two.
They want to see what happens next. And it basically makes it a habit. And then obviously, you know, you're compounding authority faster, because each video is going to reinforce your expertise.
Now, another thing this is good, like if you're a beginner or you're just launching your business, or, you know, maybe you're trying to get your first client some results.
You can leverage this in a series, show the progress you're facing, maybe the struggles you're having, what's going well, what isn't going well, and then you're kind of, you know, building on it.
So, as I said, especially if you're a beginner, this is a really good way to get content out that actually reinforce your expertise.
Let's say you don't have many client results you can use or testimonials yet. This is a really good way to kind of kickstart that in a series format.
Now, once again, very algorithm-friendly because people are going to watch this content, they're going to save it, they're going to share it so they can come back to it.
And this means, you know, your video is going to get pushed out more because those metrics are valued the most.
And it's also like consistency. So, once again, video, Kevin's putting some wild stuff in the chat. But once again, consistently signals reliability.
So, your video is going to get pushed out way more in the algorithm over time as well. So, that's kind of why it works.
Common mistakes, as I said before, you know, a lot of the time when I see people do a series, it's really repetitive.
The reason this guy's series I just showed you worked really well is because he took a unique angle. And he built upon each video, you know, he created curiosity in each video.
Okay, where's this guy going to be going next? What's the property going to look like? How much is going to cost him?
And people really want to come back a lot. Maybe, especially for people who live in London, they might want to see, okay, you know, when's he going to buy a property near me?
How much is it going to cost him? Where's it going to look like? Will I recognize the place? Stuff like that.
On top of that, you know, as I said, each video has got to create a bit more curiosity. So actually having a strong hook and a strong why for people to come back, you know, what's different about each video?
Obviously, each video should reinforce the same message, but there should be a different storyline. It's just add something new to the whole series, and obviously being inconsistent posting it.
Now, a series only works if your audience knows when to expect it, what to expect from each video, and you give them a reason to come back and actually consume it and engage with it.
In terms of the framework, very straightforward. I don't why this is so filled up, but basically you want to reestablish the series premise in one line, you know, lean into the unique angle, give some content.
So what is the actual video about, a bit more context about the series as well, and actually, you know, give a bit of a build up, state what you're going to be talking about, state the whole premise of the video, and then like a build phase.
So one thing this guy did really well, especially as an Airbnb guy, he really leaned into the fact that people want to know how much each property costs, how much they can make from each property.
So he broke down the numbers, the details, and the specifics, and got into it, and then, you know, zoom out, tease what's coming next, and have really strong payoff for that video as well.
Yeah, that's like the final video for the presentation. As I said, I'll send this through in the value chat after call, and you guys can rip from this and take what suits you guys best.
I always like these ones, because I see people implement straightway after, and then, you know, maybe they had a dry patch on the Instagram, and suddenly it picks up again.
So make sure you take action on these fast. know Wyatt took action on this, on like the first quad did, and yeah, he ripped these, and broke was crazy for you.
So yeah, if there's one thing I can advise you guys, make sure you take action on these fast and get these implemented where it fits for your brand.
But we're moving to a bit more of Q&A. So any questions from anyone, this could be content reviews, okay, Ajani straight up, or Jakob even faster.
You you guys are quick. You guys are waiting there. But yeah, Jakob, we start with you, bro.


@42:19 - Jakob Schnitzler
What's up, brother? Appreciate the call. It a good one. So my question was towards B-roll. So for me specifically, mean, you know, you know my offer.
And right now, I'm shifting a lot more into like the coaching perspective, because that was also my problem that I was displaying myself as a player.
Therefore, I just attracted like lower players that wanted to go my transformation. And obviously, players that are the same level like D1 or pro, why would they come to me?
So right now, I'm going like to kind of like a visual rebrand, but also like myself, where I just display myself as a coach and get all the clothes, whatever.
But in terms of B-roll, I obviously have to refilm my B-roll because right now, I'm showing myself as a player that again...
And subconsciously reassociates me as a player. So for that, I want to do B-roll, obviously, going to stadiums and everything.
So what do you have in mind or some inspirations for B-rolls that I could film? And the second question leading on to that is also, how much should I take B-roll from pro players and pro coaches and include those in those really B-roll heavy videos, which have been doing good for me, but not that I take too much authority away from me, if that makes sense.


@43:31 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure. I think B-roll for you. So you could take more generic stuff, like showing you on a coaching call, maybe showing you with the clients and actually showing that you're coaching people.
That would be kind of the most straightforward thing to do. Definitely still implement some of the fitness or football-focused B-roll as well, just to make it clear that, you know, that's kind of what you're talking about.
But then, yeah, just get really creative with it. I know you said, you know, going to the stadium, showcasing that a bit more.
So anything that's relevant to your niche overall should be something you should Capture, and one thing I recommend doing is go and look at your other creators in your niche as well, other guys, can think of, now think of some football guys that I see all back in the day, there's this guy, 7N1C, I'll see if he's still about, this guy, I don't know what his main account is, he was like a football coach, he's got like probably a bunch of b-roll you can probably look at, just showing, I mean his is very football focused, so not much necessarily where he's sat on a call or anything, but yeah, check out this guy's account, he used to do a bunch of football content, American guy, I believe, there's another one, there's like a ZTH training, I think you know, yeah, this guy, well I know all the football guys, what the , but yeah, look at your competitors, know, see like what sort of b-roll they use, what footage they use, and really take inspiration from that, I got an eye, I got a guy eyeing up my meeting room right now, but he's not getting it, but yeah, have a look at your competitors, know, take inspiration from, you know, what b-roll they use, make a list from that, I've also send over
Two-way's B-roll list, and then you can kind of see what you can take from there. Then to answer your other question, definitely showcase, for example, you might be pro footballers or other big people in the industry, in the niche.
That kind of applies to everyone. Really leverage big names, whereas business owners like Homozi or Jakob, you, like footballers.
And yeah, leverage those as a pattern interrupt in the content, hijack the audience, show footage of them playing, break it down, be really analytical.
Yeah, definitely go ahead and do that as well.


@45:28 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, okay, perfect.


@45:30 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Appreciate that. Great, bro. Ajani, how can I help?


@45:36 - Ajani Burgess
Yo, first, this is a great presentation. I really am looking forward to running up some of these frameworks. And then to follow up with, I guess, a previous question earlier about keeping track of all your content.
I was curious, do you or does anyone here, like, specific, because I've been using Google Drive, but I've only been using, like, the last few weeks.
Do you recommend, you said you recommend shifting things over to, was it Frame?


@46:04 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, Frame.io.


@46:06 - Ajani Burgess
Oh, okay. And then the real question within that is, do you, when you shoot the content, upload it and then delete it off of the device and then just like keep uploading and deleting?
Or do you like have like a third party like hard drive that you keep all of your content?


@46:25 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, to be fair, we just like throw up here and then delete it after. Potentially could be kind of risky.
Yeah, it's work for now, so we haven't faced any issues there. But yeah, I think we'd kind of be shooting ourselves in the foot if we kept everything saved elsewhere as well, because it's like so much footage.
We're always shooting new stuff, which is the benefit of it. But yeah, if you can move everything over to Frame, I think that'll be ideal for you.
Make sure it's nice and organized. Potentially you could leave something in Google Drive for backup. I know we've still got our old Google Drive folders with everything saved from before.
So yeah, still maybe have a backup, but yeah, we just keep it all in Frame.


@46:57 - Ajani Burgess
Got it. Got it. you. it does.


@47:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Great, bro. Jun, how can I help?


@47:06 - Jun Nam
Hello, hello.


@47:07 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How are you doing, bro? You good?


@47:09 - Jun Nam
Yeah, I'm good.


@47:10 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How are you? I'm all good, bro. How can I help?


@47:13 - Jun Nam
So, like you meant, like you suggested, I did start my series. I just wanted to know if I could get some feedback on it, because it's, I feel like, you I've been working with a new editor, and it's all right, but it's just not really getting that engagement.
So.


@47:30 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sure. Which one? Okay, episode three.


@47:34 - Jun Nam
Maybe, like, the most recent one, or.


@47:36 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Good, nice. One thing you've done good is you've actually established the context. You've made it super clear about, you know, what you're kind of talking about in the videos, what's going on in the series.
Let look at this one as well for reference. I think one thing you can do instantly is make, like, the hooks a lot stronger.
think that should be, like, your main thing, because here, like, obviously my little brother didn't want to go to the gym because he was embarrassed.
Like, that's very, it's very generic, but I feel like you can make it a lot more powerful, because that's definitely, like, a powerful experience.
So take a really good example, but now how do you explain that and help people visualize it in a way where it hits a bit harder, maybe you go a bit more in detail with the example, but obviously make it a bit more generalized as well.
So how can you kind of call out your audience a bit more, make it more relevant for them, you know, use a lot more, like, direct address.
Yeah, that's kind of what I'd say in terms of getting more views in these videos. I think the hook is the main thing you can prove.
If you look at the graph, you'll probably see a drop off around the area of the hook. Yeah, I'd say, like, hook where you actually call out your audience, maybe a bit more generalized, speaks to, you know, your audience directly.
So, you know, you're attracting more eyeballs to your page. And then... What was the other part said? I what said before that, but that's kind of what I'd say your main focus should be, like, the hook of the video, improving that.


@49:07 - Jun Nam
Okay. Okay. So you said make it a little bit more generalized?


@49:11 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, make it more generalized in the fact that maybe not necessarily specific to your brother, but maybe start the video with a question about, you know, have you been embarrassed to go to the gym before?
Well, like, obviously, that's a very weak example, but something where it's a bit more generalized, so it's not specific to, you know, your brother, because realistically, people only care about themselves.


@49:30 - Jun Nam
They want to feel like you can't directly.


@49:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
You can then transition, as you said, into, this is a series where I'll help my family, get into the gym, get in shape, but, yeah, I'd say for the hook of the video, you know, we want to get the eyeballs in and kind of trap them, so we need to actually be a bit more broad, be a bit more generalized.


@49:46 - Jun Nam
Okay. Sounds good, sounds good. Okay, thank you.


@49:51 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Great, bro. Pedro, how can I help?


@49:55 - Pedro Oliveira
Bro, I got you on their Minecraft, huh?


@49:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I knew that.


@50:00 - Pedro Oliveira
That's so funny. I have two questions. First one, in terms of B-roll, when you record it, do you usually record it like long form?
Because the way that I think of it, it's easier to record long form and then use it for both long form and short form.
But then if you record it only like vertical, then it's hard to use it for long form, right?


@50:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, typically we aim to film it horizontally, so we can use it for a bit of both. One thing I would say, especially if you're filming like a person, make sure you've got like a decent, like you're not super close up.
Say you film it like horizontally, and then you want to make that footage vertical, the person's like not going to be in frame.
It's going to be like, it's just not going to look as good. So just be mindful of that when you're filming the B-roll, like is the spacing really good?
the depth good? Yeah, typically I recommend filming horizontally because it's a bit more diverse. You can use it in lot more situations.


@50:52 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool. But second one is, so dude, I'm like, I'm like kind of slacking with Stories. And I know stories like George told me stories are very, very important and they do really well with like Sui in terms of nurturing people and getting them to respond to the DMs and everything.
ACTION ITEM: Send Stories frameworks deck + Notion schedule to Pedro + Ajani - WATCH
So do you have like a schedule that you would recommend or something to like look at?


@51:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Let me send, I think we did present it a month ago now, time flies, but I'll send you this presentation we ripped again because I think we went through, yeah, we went through like six frameworks you can go, you can use.
Basically went through like how to use them as well. I think I gave a schedule at the end too.
I've got another one as well on a Notion doc, but I'll send those over to you, this camera presentation, a Notion doc as well.
And that will kind of help you, help you balance out the stories a bit more. But it also kind of depends on like what stage you're in.
Like, let's say you're doing a price increase, you might want to create like a custom story sequence for that.
We were posting this day by day. And then... Yeah, but yeah, I'll send that over on like a schedule you can follow on like the average week and you can kind of pick it apart and create something that works for you.


@52:06 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool, cool. And what do you think of, because sometimes I see, like I come from a fitness coaching background and it's like I'd post whatever, like just document my day and like just connect with people and blah, blah, blah, like share my opinion.
I how intentional do you think, because like sometimes I think, I think to myself, if I'm not going to post like a crazy sequence, might as well not post and then I don't post, you know, it's like how intentional would you say is intentional enough to where it's not like slacking, like I don't want to post whatever, you know, just post, but at the same time not being too, too much of a like a perfectionist, you know?


@52:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I think the main thing is like, when you, let's say you're just documenting, you're filming a of everything, be really specific with the parts of your clipping.
So whether that's you or an editor. Or whatever that looks like. Be really specific between the parts of the video that you're clipping.
So, you know, what's the hook of the video going to be? Is it actually enough of a pass and interrupt to, you know, call people out, get them to stop scrolling?
What's the actual, like, context of the video? What's, like, the whole body of the video? Are providing value? Are you entertaining people?
Like, is there actually a payoff? You know, do people watch the video and feel like they gained something from watching you, whether that was, like, educational or entertainment value?
And then, like, the messaging of the video. So, you know, once they complete the video, is it something that can go implement for themselves?
Is it something they're going to share and refer back to? Or save and refer back to? So, really just being mindful of that.
Let's say you document something, just be really careful of how you actually clip it and how you construct it and actually turn it into, you know, a full-on video.
That's kind of the approach I'd take. So, we're very involved in the actual clipping. Like, we'll leave comments once we upload footage of, this is the parts you should keep in, this should be used to hook, and that sort of stuff.
But, yeah, that's kind of how I'd approach it.


@53:58 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool. Um, and then in terms of like, you mean in terms of the story itself or like content overall?


@54:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Content overall. Um, so like, what are you talking about like for story sequences or like actual videos?


@54:12 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, I was talking about like story sequences.


@54:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, okay. So what was the question again?


@54:19 - Pedro Oliveira
Sometimes I don't post cause like when I used to do fitness, would post like literally whatever.


@54:24 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah.


@54:25 - Pedro Oliveira
like post like a before and after and then maybe post me working out and then post my breakfast and like things like that.
Um, but I see, I don't know, like see coaches, even fitness coaches making a lot of money and not doing that.
But then also seeing Sui or, um, like neck setting, like just making those like insane story sequences. Um, so like that's, that's where I was like, is it beneficial to, is it better to post something simpler or to not post at all?


@54:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I still post something simpler. Like even if you look at Sui's story sequences, like we've done some. He might show his breakfast, right?
I mean, to be fair, he'll show his breakfast and then show his living in a high-rise and just made 100k cash a day.
So, like, there's, like, a balance where, you know, still try, be mindful of what you're showing, like, try leaning into the dream outcome of your viewer, but also just be authentic, like, show the behind-the-scenes.
You we've also had story scenes where Sue is just playing basketball, and people, like, message us and kind of follow us and buy into us.
Like, someone actually bought into us because they saw Sue plays basketball, right? So, even just showing stuff like that, if we didn't show that in the stories, you know, that's a client we wouldn't have got.
Now, I'm not saying, like, spam your stories, show what you're eating for breakfast, then what you're doing all day, because, you know, people don't actually care that much.
But have, like, a good balance where, you you show the behind-the-scenes, you kind of sell people on your personality, what makes you unique, and go from there.


@55:48 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. Cool. Sounds good, bro. Thank you.


@55:53 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. Got you. Any other questions, guys, before we wrap up? Johnny, go for it, bro.


@56:00 - Ajani Burgess
Just to kind of piggyback off of what Pedro was asking about the story, the sequence, one, if you could send that to me as well, what you have made, but I was also thinking about the context of what Sue was saying about trying to create your brand ethos or what you want.
Like, I remember it was like using inspiration from like your favorite movie or what have you, right? So I'm curious to know, like, have you guys adjusted your story sequencing based off of kind of maybe perhaps Sue's newer, more fashion-forward direction or content-focused, you know, business model?
Or is like the sequencing kind of the same?


@56:40 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, to a degree, it's like, we've still, the main things, obviously, we've changed the content are, you the positioning, so like the language we use.
Sue actually looked back at his videos, like, I swear quite a bit, I should pretty cut this out. So that's one thing, like, even little things like that, like the language he's using, he's super mindful of.
Obviously, the clothing he's wearing, so he made like a Pinterest board. Went out, splashed some cash, bought some nice clothes for himself.
But like little things like that, I wouldn't say, you know, we're directly thinking about every story, but now when we collect content, when we get pictures, you know, we're really mindful of that and thinking what impression does this leave people with?
Like, for example, we were filming the other day. So Yash used someone in the program, he was helping with the main filming and I was like behind the scenes with my phone, getting a bunch of story sequence pictures we can use.
So it's more just, you know, kind of designing that brand identity you want and carrying that over into everything you do, whether that's when you're filming the main content, any like pictures you use for story sequences, just making sure there's that consistency there.
So people actually associate you with, you know, this item of clothing or, you know, this type of language, they speak like this, this is their tonality, that sort of stuff.
So I'd say just aim to be consistent across everything, but don't like obsess over it too much.


@57:53 - Ajani Burgess
Makes sense. Thanks.


@57:54 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you, bro. June, how can I help?


@57:58 - Jun Nam
Hey, so I know you were like, Telling me about like, you know, making like stronger hooks. I think that's something that I've like struggled with, like coming up with strong hooks that would actually engage, you know, more people to actually watch my videos.
So do you have any like tips for that? Or how do I go about like coming up with strong hooks that would get people to like continue to watch the whole video and just like get the videos to go viral, that sort of thing?


@58:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, easiest thing you can do is look at what's already works for other people. Like a lot of our hooks, if we like if we're in a phase, we can't come up with them for ourselves.
We literally just look at what's worked for other people and kind of flip it. And you know, you know, reframe it so it's personalized to us.
So if you can take like, do some market research, look at your competitors, you know, see what hooks they've used, especially on their outlier videos, videos that perform five to 10x better than the other videos, that'll give you a lot more on how they approach their hook process.
Because yeah, a lot of our hooks are literally just taken from other people. We've just reframed it to make it unique and original to us.
So let's say you make a list of like series content, or you go look for other people. People who doing series, I'd go ahead, you know, research that, see how they're framing the hooks of the videos, they're starting the videos, really reverse engineer why their videos perform well, and then carry that over into your own content.
Just make sure you're personalizing it so it's still unique, it's not like a carbon copy. And the other thing should be good.


@59:18 - Jun Nam
Okay, okay. And then when you do market research, like, are you just looking for like keywords in the search and then doing that?
Or how do you kind of go about that?


@59:27 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, mean, typically, we'll just look for, like, we've got like a list of creators who we'll refer back to.
So maybe for you, maybe five to 10 creators you can refer back to. Always like maybe at the end of every month, you know, look at how their concerts performed, what their outlier videos, what's worked well for them, what formats have they done.
And the videos that did work well, you know, reverse engineer them, why did they perform well?


@59:49 - Jun Nam
And how can you carry that over into your own content? Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.


@59:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Great, bro. Yeah, I'll send over any Any of the resources from the call guys after, and then yeah, we'll take from there, but appreciate you all joining, next time we do a call, I'll be calling from New York, so it should be a nice change of scenery, but yeah boys, appreciate you all jumping on, appreciate you staying to the end, if you need anything else from my side, just drop me a message, or we can book in a one-on-one, we'll take from there, but catch you guys in a bit.


@1:00:22 - Pedro Oliveira
Thank you, later. Thank you, G. Have a safe travel, so. Appreciate you, in a bit.


Consulting Mastery Group Call w/ SooWei - April 01
Consulting Mastery Group Call w/ SooWei - April 01


VIEW RECORDING - 67 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Emma Lavri
Top record, 73k cash collected.


@0:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What was your previous record, Manny?


@0:07 - Emma Lavri
It was 40, 42, something like that, and I'm not even selling the high ticket yet, so I'm happy.


@0:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Working on that now.


@0:17 - Emma Lavri
100k next, let's make it happen.


@0:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.


@0:20 - Emma Lavri
Did y'all see Joey's win in the wins chat? Almost 100k. This guy, this guy went crazy, he did 226k.
Ah, wow.


@0:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
226k, so he's like the top client, he's the guy to beat right now. Yeah, he's absolutely crushing it, but doing crazy, crazy numbers, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's so nice.


@0:46 - Emma Lavri
Awesome.


@0:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Lucia, how are you? Is that how I say it, Lucia or Lucia?


@0:52 - Lucía Troyano
Yeah, in Spanish it's Lucia, like when you say Barcelona, Barcelona or Barcelona, you know?


@0:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, nice.


@1:00 - Lucía Troyano
That's sick.


@1:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love your background. You're always in different backgrounds. You have like so many different setups.


@1:05 - Lucía Troyano
Really? Yeah.


@1:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You have like one in the, this is the, I'm assuming it's like near the balcony or whatever, or?


@1:14 - Lucía Troyano
Yeah, it's like a, like a gallery, so it's like a class, but if I stand in the walking path, then you can see like the reflection, but it's the same place.


@1:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Yeah, I was getting confused sometimes, but that's nice. Awesome. Beautiful, beautiful. Yes, and how are you?


@1:33 - Iestyn Krauze
I'm amazing, brother. How are you? Good, good, good, good.


@1:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Ah, I'm, I'm really good. I'm, getting back in the flow of just like, I mean, March, March was a super busy month, but as you guys know, but now we're just really just slowing down acquisition for now, making sure that everything is dialed in, taking it one step at a time.
And then we're rolling out a bunch of new stuff for you guys. So this month is going to be fulfillment month for us.
And you guys are going to see you guys join at the perf. Perfect time. Absolute perfect time. We're going to roll out a bunch of new stuff.
So I'm going to go over some of those stuff today. I'm really excited. But yeah, brother, you joined at the right time too, bro.
That was perfect.


@2:15 - Iestyn Krauze
Awesome.


@2:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Reyes, where are headed to, brother?


@2:19 - Reyes Abalos
I'm actually on my way to my office right now, bro. I'm going to get there in like 10 minutes.


@2:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I'm really looking forward to today's call, bro.


@2:25 - Reyes Abalos
Fire, fire.


@2:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Cool. Yeah, we can go ahead and dive in. mean, there's a lot that I want to go over in this, and I'm sure you guys have a lot of questions.
That's like, so what are you doing? You know, you got, I'm sure some of you guys saw, saw that reel.
I'll explain some of it. And I think this is going to be a really, really cool lesson for every single one of you guys to learn, because what we're doing is something that nobody has ever done.
Nobody else is going to be able to compete with us. Okay. But before I do that, I want to start.
First off with some, you know, like, I want you guys to share some of your wins. Do you guys have any wins that you guys want to share, talk about?
This could be financial, this could be about content, anything. It doesn't really matter. But I just want to start off on a good note with some wins first.
Maeva, go ahead.


@3:21 - maeva
Yeah, so I had posted a video, and a reel, and I mentioned this in the general chat, when I first posted it, and I said, this reel, this reel is going to pop off, and it's going to bring me ICP.
It hasn't gotten to like, you know, 100k views or anything, but I hit 30k in around like two days.
ACTION ITEM: DM qualified leads from viral reel - WATCH
And it's brought in a ton of ICP, like a ton of qualified people. So my lead pipeline is full, I'm just going to have to reach out to everybody.
And then I'll have like a few questions about that for you at the end of this call.


@3:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. I love it. Well, what changed for you? What was the thing that really allowed you to try that ICP?


@4:00 - maeva
I found a winning format for my brand, so it's the same format that I used for the first video where I talked about joining your program, where I talked about advice from a 20-year-old making 224k a month, I did that same thing, but for Shelby Sap, and talking about Shelby Sap, I know that that would go and reach people in the United States, because only people in the US really know about Shelby, and it also targets coaches because she's a coach, that everybody knows about.


@4:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There yeah.


@4:31 - maeva
There you go.


@4:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There It's like you leverage the creator's attention and their platform in your unique way. So I love it. Good work.
Good work.


@4:43 - maeva
Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Awesome. Anyone else, guys?


@4:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Anybody else?


@4:58 - Pedro Oliveira
I'll share one. Can hear me? What bro? I like the glasses.


@5:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What up?


@5:02 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, you always like the glasses. Sorry, it's more of a personal one. I just got back from Mexico, and I met this girl, she's like, she's it, you know, like, I definitely want to marry her and, like, build a family.


@5:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Wow, that's sick. Yeah. Yeah.


@5:16 - Pedro Oliveira
And so it's, like, now the money is definitely, like, it's just, like, another motivator to make even more money.


@5:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@5:23 - Pedro Oliveira
And then I also had a video go really, really viral, like, over a million views in the past few days.
Yeah. Which is solid. It's bringing in ICP, a lot of disqualified as well, which I think it's, like, some of the organic game.
But yeah, man, life's been good. I love it, bro.


@5:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. Nah, that's sick, man. That's what I want to hear, you know, like, yeah, you know, the social media, the sales, all of that, like, that's good.
That's good. But when you have a stronger why, when you want to do it for not just yourself, but someone, someone that you love, whether it's family, whether it's a, you know, partner, it makes that
That that much more fun, because you know that if you accomplish this, or when you accomplish this, you're bringing the people up with you, so I love that, man.


@6:07 - Pedro Oliveira
I understand. Yeah, you're a lover boy, alright, yeah?


@6:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes sir, yes sir, proud of me.


@6:13 - Pedro Oliveira
That's sick, that's sick.


@6:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome, anyone else?


@6:22 - Jomar Baterina
Yo, SooWei, hello, can you hear me? What's up, brother, what's up, how are you?


@6:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm good.


@6:27 - Jomar Baterina
For March, we did another record month at 43 KCC. It was so close, it was so close, two last calls, and they both were going to buy, like, PIF, was waiting for 7K to get to 50K, and they both had, like, credit card problems, so now it's going to roll over into April, but I'm pretty happy with it.
So it was an 8.5k day yesterday, we went from 36 to, or something like that, to 43 in one day, it was insane.
Wait.


@7:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that's back, that's back-to-back record months, yeah?


@7:03 - Jomar Baterina
I think I've had record months for the last six months in a row, so.


@7:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Every single month? I think so, since I started, yeah.


@7:10 - Jomar Baterina
Bro, that's fire, that's fire.


@7:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good , man, good .


@7:13 - Jomar Baterina
It's not 50k, as we said, but it was really cool. Next month? , bro, aim for 100, bro, let's make it happen.


@7:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Only out from here, but.


@7:22 - Jomar Baterina
Aim for 100.


@7:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Man, I'm proud, I'm proud of you. I think that, like for you, I knew that with the UGC, bro, we, we just know what works.
You know, we know what works in biz op. You know, obviously, I'm sure the setting from George, like him hiring the setters and all that, really helped out a ton as well, right?
ACTION ITEM: Book US travel (Miami/NY); announce dates to US members - WATCH
Yeah, so keep going, bro, keep crushing, I'd love to hear it.


@7:43 - Jomar Baterina
Thank you, I appreciate it. Awesome.


@7:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And also, you U.S. people, all you U.S. guys, I'm probably going to book my flights sometime tonight. So I'm headed to, I mean, the two places I'm looking at is Miami and New York.
So if y'all are there in that time, we'll, we'll figure out. Or some type of little client meetup for a day.
It'll be really cool. But yeah, awesome. Jomar, I love to see that. So I'm going to go over some of the things that I want to talk about, okay?
And what we're changing, because there are a few changes that we're going to make, and I want you guys to understand why we're making those changes.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
So yeah, let's do it. So we're going to be adding more content modules. I feel like with the content modules that we have right now, it's good to an extent, but I want to make it more, focused on content, because this is the number one level I pulled in order to take it to the next level.
ACTION ITEM: Collect member branding/content questions on Apr 3 call - WATCH
So essentially, what we're going to do is we're essentially going to ask you guys on Friday, every single question or every single bonding that's stopping you from establishing the brand that you want.
And we're going to answer all of that in SOPs, video modules, and cohorts, okay? Now, we're going to officially start the eight-week personal branding bootcamp on April 15th.
So put that on your calendar. We're going to officially start every... Wednesday, we're going to have a one to 1.5 hour group call.
It's going to be a bit, you know, long because we're covering these topics in detail. There's going to be full on presentations.
It's insane. Okay. And we're going to cover each specific topic. And based on what you guys want. And so the Friday call is very, very important for me to get your guys' input and get your guys' feedback as to what you want us to cover in order to establish that brand.
I genuinely feel like a lot of the problems that you guys are facing right now is because the brand isn't as established.
And even though you guys are getting good results, I feel like you guys could get even better results if we provided a better support and better guidance on the content side of things.
And just gave you guys more content support, more help, and better SOPs to figure out content. So that's what we're doing.
Okay. We're shifting the overall name to brand architect as well. That's what we're doing. And the thing is, you guys will have everything that you bought, like, you know, the setting.
Offer everything that you bought, it's just that the people coming in now will have a new offer. They will just have content help.
So if you guys are wondering, like, what was that reel yesterday? You know, like Kennedy is asking, you you joined an acting class, all that.
That reel was because we're essentially shutting, we're not shutting, we're not shutting down CM, but we're just making the core front end offer just about content.
Because I would do you guys a disservice if I didn't provide more help on the branding side, because that's what changed everything.
Does that make sense so far? Okay, so you guys will still get the same support, you still get everything the same, but there's just going to be, you're just getting a new program in Brand Architect as well with the new video modules.
So you have the old video modules, you have the old support, you have the one-on-one support, the one-on-one calls that you guys paid for.
You will just get an extra program essentially. So you got, you know, basically like $30,000 worth of value for whatever you paid.
Okay. And yeah, that's the main thing that we're changing, and so the way we're pivoting is we're doubling down on personal branding as a front-end offer to make sure that you guys are getting better at your brand, the perceptions increase, all of that.
Does anybody have any questions on this at all? I know this may be a bit of a big change, but any questions at all, or is everything pretty clear?
Maeva, what's up? That's insane.


@11:24 - nedsainsbury-plaice
yeah, that's insane, yeah.


@11:26 - maeva
So just to be clear, the brand cohort, like the calls that we're having today on Wednesday, starting from April 15th, these kinds of calls is just going to be straight the brand architect, right?
ACTION ITEM: Schedule additional content call w/ career director for members - WATCH
Exactly, exactly.


@11:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's just going to be presentation, and I'll stay back for like 15 to 30 minutes after the presentation as well to get all your questions answered.
And then there will be an additional call on content by my career director as well. So, man, you guys are, I told you guys, I'm going to get you guys right, you know?
Like, I told you guys this is the perfect time to join. You guys are getting not just the Consulting Mastery portion, and, you know, the offer, the appointment setting, all of that, you're also getting this entire brand cohort, okay?


@12:10 - maeva
Okay, it's eight weeks, right? Yeah. So, around the end of May. Yeah, exactly.


@12:17 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Well, time is as well. It's the same time as this.


@12:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
essentially, these Wednesday calls, starting April 15th, will turn into cohort-style presentations. So, instead of me presenting on, like, a notion, it's going to be a full-on pitch deck, slides, everything, teaching you the foundations of branding, okay?
Cool.


@12:39 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah. Ned, you're happy, yeah?


@12:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, man. It sounds so sick.


@12:44 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Like, the main reason I joined anyway was content. So, just amazing.


@12:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's what we figured out. Like, 99% of you didn't join for the sales. It was just the content and the branding.
So, we're absolutely just, like, stacking that offer out, and we're giving you everything that you, you know, initially bought.
Plus more. Pedro, what's up?
ACTION ITEM: DM George for setting/sales support - WATCH


@13:04 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, it's fine, bro. I'm sure everyone's excited. My main question is just like, so the calls on Monday, for example, with George, like they're gonna stay or like?


@13:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No, no, no. So the calls, so we're only gonna have content related calls, but George is still available to like access.
So, you know, whenever you guys need his help, you can just DM him personally, he can hop in the lounge.
It's essentially going to be like an unofficial group call that you guys can still do. But, the main focus is gonna be content because I would do you guys a disservice if I just said, hey, work on appointment setting content and offer at the same time.
It's too much, you know? I generally feel like it's too much and that's why you guys haven't been able to really download a brand.
So, my whole goal is to get all you guys to focus on one specific thing, get super good at that, and then take it from there, okay?
Good.
ACTION ITEM: Decide and announce Friday Q&A plan to members - WATCH


@13:53 - Pedro Oliveira
So I'm going to beautiful.


@13:55 - nedsainsbury-plaice
With the Friday calls and Thursday calls, it's the Thursday content. Is the Friday Q&A still happening?


@14:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that is yet to be decided. That's yet to be decided. I'm going to get a bit of feedback on Friday, see what you guys would prefer.
And then we'll make a decision on that. But all you need to know for that.


@14:15 - nedsainsbury-plaice
The Friday call gave me loads of, because I like the content side, but I also like the perspective side.
Like sometimes like having my perspective renewed and like seeing other people's perspectives, seeing your perspective on the way that you do like team leadership, the way that you just look at things.
I like that a lot. And I like to know that throughout all these calls, I can think of questions to bring to Friday is my only take on that.
Okay. Sounds good.


@14:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sounds good. Yeah. We'll get more feedback on Friday and we'll let you guys know. Okay. But I really appreciate that.
But the whole goal, again, this is for, this is what, when I look across the board, what is the one thing that you guys can focus on that can 10x your business growth?
It's going to be this. So we want to give it to you guys for free. And I told you guys, you know, like you guys are investing in like.
Like, essentially Bitcoin early, you know, this is going to be really good. So, yeah, it's going to be fun.
Jai, what's up?
ACTION ITEM: Email members whose 4/6-mo term ended re: renewal/Brand Architect access - WATCH


@15:06 - Jai
Just a quick question, this probably isn't for everyone, but I joined, I've been in for a minute, you know, do I still get access to the personal branding stuff?


@15:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, Kim will actually reach out to everyone that, essentially, it's like, you either bought the four months or the six months, if that's up, then you can choose an option to renew.
If you do choose an option to renew, then everything of this will be free as well.


@15:30 - Jai
How does it work renewing? What's up?


@15:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How does it work renewing?


@15:34 - Jai
You'll hop on a call of Kim and she'll run you through everything, okay?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@15:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right. Awesome. Dope. So, that's essentially the main changes, okay? Yeah, I'll answer more questions. I know it's going to be a bit of a big shift, but it's going to be really fun, and you guys are going to get way more access to this.
And I have some special guests lined up that you guys cannot, like, you guys won't ever guess it, okay?
That's why I asked, you know, who do you guys think is going to be... Or who is the name that comes up when it comes to personal branding?
So I'll cook some nice things up. Throughout the cohort, there will be a few guest speakers here and there that are extremely good at what they do.
So it won't just be me. It'll be a few other people. So get excited for that. It's going to be really good.
Now, main stuff, obviously, you guys came for the value. I want to go over what we changed in order to scale to 400K a month and what we're doing in order to constantly elevate what we're building and how we're establishing ourselves in such a unique position in the market, okay?
So the first step is we're increasing LTV. The first thing that we've done is I've essentially, I looked at the entire, the most successful businesses in the entire online space.
And the key pattern that they have is not that they have ridiculous marketing, not that they have the best personal brands.
Like, obviously, that helps, right? But the main thing is they have an amazing ascension path. Now, This only applies if you're above like 30K a month, but you need to think to yourself, if you've given someone the solution to their problem, what is the next problem that will come up that you need to help them with?
You need to ask yourself that. Because too many of you are selling one time and calling it a day.
So I'll give you guys a bit of context. If we give you guys all the book calls in the world, the next problem that's naturally going to pop up is going to be fulfillment.
Because you're probably going to wonder, like, hey, how do I actually handle 50 clients in a month? Like, that's amazing.
But I came to you with a book call problem. Now I have a fulfillment problem. Now, the reason why we did really well this month is because I actually introduced an Inner Circle offer where I would actually build out their fulfillment infrastructure with them.
And because they already had the pre-built trust from... the amount of money that we helped them make initially, this offer was a no-brainer.
And so a lot of you are sitting on an absolute goldmine right now, especially if your fulfillment's already good, and a lot of people have already achieved the desired outcome.
We were at a point, like at the start of the month, we were at a point where there were so many people that achieved their record months.
I mean, as you guys can see, guys like Joey, 200, so many people are at 100K a month right now.
Like, it's actually ridiculous, right? And so I was sitting there and I was asking myself, like, everyone's asking for a fulfillment.
Like, they're asking for fulfillment help. And that's a natural ascension path. So we just created an offer that helped with fulfillment.
And every person that we offered it to said yes. So we actually sold just under $100,000 in upsells and renewals.
So again, what does this mean? Product is king. You need to get so good at providing an amazing service to your client, that they get the solution, and they get the outcome that they want, because another problem will come up, which you can solve.
So let me break down why we're actually doing this shift as well. Obviously, from your guys' perspective, it's amazing as well.
It's a no-brainer that we actually shift towards a full content on the front end. Because if you focus on three things at once, you just naturally won't dial in all three to the abilities that you can, right?
Okay? So naturally, if we just dial in your brand, for the people that start joining this month and beyond, the next problem that they're going to face is conversion.
They have all the lead flow in the world. The next problem they're going to face is conversion. And so naturally, there will be a path for them to purchase, you know, like an Ascension offer to help with conversion.
And then after they have help with conversion, they need help with fulfillment. So you need to essentially map out what are the five to ten problems.
that your client faces along the journey of working with you, and map that out completely. It's not just B2B, B2C guys can face it as well.
For yes and for you, you know, it could be essentially getting them into an appointment setting role, and then after their appointment setter, you need to have an upsell ready for them to transition either to a manager or a closer.
You choose which one's best for them, and you can usually charge double of the initial price point. Money is made on the back end, okay?
Money is made on the back end. And the cool thing is, it's not like a lot of you guys are looking, and you're too reliant on new acquisition.
And you really need to ask yourself, what is that next problem I can solve for them, okay? Be super clear on that.
Be super, super clear on that. Because when you have a proper ascension path, your entire business becomes easy, because now you don't have to sign 30 new.
Be don't Clients every single month to hit record months. You don't have to do that. You can do it more efficiently and do it much better.
That's the first thing. Does anyone have any questions on that at all? Is that a hand, Maeva? Yeah.


@21:21 - maeva
So it's actually funny that you mentioned that because you mentioned that on Friday's call. And I had a sales call with a prospect that I didn't end up closing because my offer is six months with everything included, right?
Each step from like, you know, offer to branding, to like conversion, to the actual back end and even fulfillment, I helped with that.
And she actually told me, I don't need all that. I just want to focus on content. Like, I know that you're good at branding.
I know that you're good at content. I just want that. Can you make me a separate offer? And I realized that that's absolutely true.
And I also wanted to ask that... 100K day that you had, was it mainly from upsells?


@22:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, it was 40% from upsells, and then we just had a lot of sales calls as well. And I love that you mentioned that because we think, okay, I'll give you guys an analogy.
If you give your client three to four solutions in one package, and they only use two, they feel like they got scammed because they only use 50% of what you gave them.
And so from our perspective, we're like, man, we just created an amazing offer. I just, I have the best offer out there.
I'm solving four problems in one offer. But from your client's perspective, if they only need two, they feel like they paid way too much for a service that they could realistically pay only half for.
But when you solve one problem at a time, and they fully utilize that one solution, they feel like they got a bang for the buck.
So stop forcing people down just as generalized. If you want to like really think about like what do people come to you for?
For some of you, it may be sales. For some of you, it may be content. Like what is that one thing?
Because specialists are crushing the journalists right now. People want specialized offers that are specific to what they need. And they'd rather buy one solution at a time.
That's what we're doing. And that's why you guys see the whole shutting down video. I mean, yeah, you could kind of say it was April Fool's, but we are technically shutting You it's just we're pivoting.
So yeah, that's what I would say. Okay. Yeah, 100%.


@23:38 - maeva
So you suggest that, for example, with my offer, I kind of built it out with Kim and it was a little bit kind of agreed it was going to be built around like what I had in the beginning, which was just everything included.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Do you think now I should pivot to having two to three different offers that's just focused on specific parts of what I'm actually providing?
Essentially what you're doing?


@24:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Or when do you think would be a good time to actually pivot into I think once you're at 30 to 50, that's a good time to pivot because now you have more proofs stacked up that your one solution can work.
So the reason why we can do that now is because we've absolutely mastered branding for a lot of our clients and the guys at 100K, majority of them have dialed in their content like crazy, which is why now we can pivot towards this.
So I would do that once you have a lot of case studies and once you, once you, you know, running out multiple five fakes.


@24:38 - maeva
All right. Appreciate it. So the second one is we brought in expert talent.


@24:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You know, I, I was very caught up with wanting to be the smartest person in every single room. And here's the thing.
Every single one of you in this room is smart. You're smart and you're. Competent. Which means technically you can do everything in the business.
You can do the setting, you can do the management, you can do the content, you can do the filming, you can do everything.
But you have to understand when you do everything, you don't do a specific thing exceptionally well. And that's the problem.
So as soon as you're at multiple five figures a month, I need you to protect your time and treat it as if it's the most precious thing ever, because it is.
As a business owner, you need to fully understand. Understand where your time is going. And I've gone out of my way to set up all of these different trackers to understand where my time is going.
I downloaded this app. It's called Rise. And this essentially logs in all my time entries. I know exactly what I'm doing every single day.
And this helps out a lot. You know, this helps out a lot. But on top of this, I know like, okay, am I working on the right things?
I even have Opal on my laptop to stop me from scrolling unless I want to do it intentionally. So if I want to go to Instagram right now, I can't, like I literally physically can't because it's blocking, and so if I want to do content research for whatever reason, can give myself a timer for how long I need to do it for, 10 minutes, okay, 10 minutes is enough to do content research, so I'm extremely intentional for me to put my time, that's the first thing that every single one of you guys can apply right now, Opal and Rise are the names of these two softwares, Rise is like 15 bucks a month, Opal, I have it for free, yeah, I'm on a free plan, so.
That's that. Now, that's something that every single one of you guys can apply right now. Now, what I mean by being the smartest in each department, if you're the smartest in each department, that's actually a bad thing, because you're too smart for your own good, and instead of you focusing on the one thing that you can do extremely well, you're doing all these little things, and you don't give yourself time to think.
The best content ideas and the best the Thank Branding, the best, like, all the best creators, the best business owners, they're not the busiest.
They're not doing 20 things in a day. And so what is your zone of genius that you can double down on that'll make you more money in the long run?
I'll give you a bit of perspective on what we did. For the longest time, I was my own setter manager.
Like, I managed my own setter because I came from a setting background. And at a certain point, I was asking myself, like, okay, I'm spending on average five hours.
Every single week, just talking to my setter, making sure that he's hitting the KPIs, making sure he's holding himself accountable.
I recommend all of you to go through that phase initially to learn the practical skill of management. But at a certain point, it gets to a point where, is that five hours a week worth it?
And so I came to the realization, like, hey, I could spend this time learning, talking to clients, getting feedback, making the program better.
Getting better at content, you know, all of these different things that would lead to better results in the long run.
And you guys will see, because now my time is spent on better things, like improving the product and creating this new core for you guys, more referrals will come in.
Because what did I just do for every single one of you? You guys just bought Consulting Mastery, and you got a whole new free program that you didn't even expect.
And so that, like, because I had that idea, because I had free time, and I had free time to actually build better fulfillment and create all these modules, that creates goodwill.
Now, what does that goodwill lead to? It'll lead to better word of mouth. It'll lead to referrals. It'll lead to a good reputation.
And now the people that are closest to me, you guys, you know, like the people that we work with, are talking good on us.
Because instead of prioritizing, working on every part of the business and all of this, and trying to, you know, spread myself thin and...
... ... Have my hand in each bucket. I told myself, it's not worth it. Let me just hire an extremely competent center manager that is extremely good at what he did and double down on fulfillment and content.
And it's going to 10x. And when you guys see the guests that are coming and the presentations that we have lined up and the amount of value and the amount of information, the amount of game that we're about to drop in the next few weeks, y'all will be like, this was the best decision I ever made, which will lead to a good word of mouth, referrals.
And, you know, like I'm playing the long-term game. I could have easily sold this separately for 15K, got like 20% of you to buy, but that's not what I want to do.
I want to build a community where we have the same roles and values and I'm preaching what I'm, I'm practicing what I'm preaching, you know, because this will lead to more long-term growth than if I just sold it for a 15K standalone offer.
Does that make sense? It will lead to that. But I wasn't able to think about doing something like that if all my time was doing management or all my time was doing this and doing that.
So what are you doing right now that can be outsourced where it makes sense? Now, if you're at like, you know, 10K a month, again, it doesn't make sense to outsource anything.
If you're at 50, yeah, it makes sense to outsource. So you have to look at where you're at and find someone that's smarter than you, better than you, and get your time back if you're in a position to do so.
Now, keep hustling, keep grinding away, and eventually you will. But that's even more motivation to get to that point faster.
So main things that I tweaked, I essentially protected my time better. I installed those two apps that really helped me out.
went from like a chronic four-hour scrolling time every week, which is not terrible, to be fair. I'm still, that's not terrible.
But now I've limited. So I save three hours and 30 minutes every single week, just off of like not scrolling, and I have all these app blockers and all these time management systems where I know where my time is going.
And then I introduced managers that are better at what I do, so I can have some of my time back.
Does that make sense across the board? Awesome. Beautiful. Any questions or is that pretty clear? Cool. And then last one.
Oh, Lucia, what's up?


@31:36 - Lucía Troyano
How do you find this smarter people that know more than you?


@31:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Great question. Great question. So I make it a goal to actually talk to like, you know, experts in every single area.
And the thing is, when you talk to someone that's established, they know the best people in each industry. Industry leaders know other industry leaders, coaches know coaches, beginners know beginners, like you have to like find like, you know, for you, for example, it could be me, I know like this, I can literally help you find all these people, but you just need to find someone that is at the caliber that you want to hire at, and then talk to them and say, hey, do you know any of these people, all that.
ACTION ITEM: Block 1h/wk for networking; nurture 5 key relationships - WATCH
I literally dedicate one hour a week to just networking and talking to people. And what I've done is I have five names, five people that I really want to nurture a relationship with.
You guys need to be intentional about your time. So what I'm doing is like, I have five names right now that I've written down in a list.
And I'm like, in the next three months, I really want to nurture my relationship with this person, provide value as much as I can, help as much as I can, give without asking.
Because what that does is it provides goodwill again. When you give without asking good things happen, you know, and so these five people are people that are ahead of me.
Some people are at the same level as me. Some people are maybe like, you know, not as advanced, but I believe in the potential.
And so it's like all of these people, I'm constantly like, I'm feeding the relationship. I'm treating it as if it's like a, as if it's like a little mini business in its own.
I'm giving attention and time every single week. And if a person has a network or, you know, whenever I need, let's say a manager, I can just ask that person.
ACTION ITEM: DM SooWei re: referrals for expert talent - WATCH
So how I came across certain people that are competent at what they do is through this system. But then also just joining other mentors and coaches and just asking, hey, I'm looking for X, Y, Z.
So depending on what you need, Lucia, you can, you can feel free to DM us. And we can kind of connect you with who we, who we have, because we know a lot of people.
But one thing that you can do on your own time is also just write down a list of five people and nurture those relationships.
Okay. Awesome. And that goes, that goes for everybody. That's how you build connections at scale. You know, you don't build connections by just.
Taking, taking, taking, just paying your way to the top. Like, yes, you're, you know, paying will get your foot in the door, but when you give and you help someone out of just genuine goodwill without expecting anything back in return, good things happen.
People say, oh, networking is, is, networking doesn't work, you know, it's like, it doesn't work because you're not doing it the right way.
Who wouldn't want to be with someone that just constantly provides and helps them? Everybody. So whenever, like, whenever you just get around people that are competent, help.
Ask any way you can help. What is your expertise? And how can you help them if, if you're lacking in that?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
You know? Awesome. So that's the main thing, guys. That's, that's the main thing. The third thing was that I did more of what I love and less of what I hate.
I did some serious reflection on everything I actually. Now, the reason why I say this is because a lot of you actually know what you need to do, but you're not doing it because you know that if you do it, okay, you'll be stuck with X, Y, Z.
So what does that mean? You probably know what you need to do. The whole goal of this program is to give you clarity, and 99% of you actually have clarity unless you just joined.
You know what you need to do. You know what's your A-plus problem. But the thing that's stopping you is that if you do that thing, it'll lead to this outcome, which will also have...
...this negative thing attached to it, which is why you don't want to do it. I'll give you guys an example.
If you worked on, let's say, the content, you got super good at content, you got all the lead flow in the world, and then you signed all these clients, and then you're packed with one-on-one calls.
You have 12 to 14 one-on-one calls every single day for the next two weeks. A lot of you would not like that, which is why you don't do the content.
And so what you guys don't realize... is that your mind subconsciously avoids the things that you know you need to do because they know what's going to happen next.
And so what you need to do is you need to write down the things that you love doing. Write it down.
Everything that you love doing. I'll pull up my list and I'll show you, like I'll give you guys a bit of context as well so that we can do this together.
But this is really, really good for building intentionality in your business. So what do I absolutely love? I love in-person events.
I love talking to high-level founders that are really, really smart. I love talking to people that take action every time I give them a piece of advice and they're just super fast to move, they take action, and they're fast to implement.
I love a free and easygoing schedule where I can do what I want and I don't feel like I'm constrained by a calendar, you know?
You know when you wake up and like you just check your calendar straight away and you automatically get stressed?
I don't like that feeling. Maybe some of you do. I don't like that feeling. So me personally, I'd rather have a bit less calls on my calendar and, you know, just more time for me to do what I want to do.
A few things as well. I love learning from people that are ahead of me. I love making content that pushes the industry forward.
Like, man, I had so much fun filming that reel of me saying that I was shutting it down because I knew it would get attention.
I knew it. And it's like $50,000 in like 12 hours. It's crazy. It's going to do like, I think, $200,000 by the end of it.
It just gets attention. I knew it. And now when you see people doing that same format, you're going to be like, ah, he's just copied this guy, you know?
I love when that happens because it shows authority. All of these different ideas are like things that I love doing.
Now, the most important part is what do you actually hate? I say hate because it's an extremely strong word.
And so you guys have to be intentional about it. What do you hate doing on a day-to-day basis? Now, when I
If a calendar full of like 14 one-on-one calls, I love you guys, but that just like, it overwhelms me.
I think every single one of you will be overwhelmed with like 14 one-on-one calls back-to-back, you know? I think that's just the nature of us as people.
I don't like that. I don't like talking to clients that just like get advice, but then they don't implement it because it feels like I wasted my time.
Even though I've given them the support, I've given them the guidance, if you don't implement what I'm teaching, it just feels like I'm wasting time.
You guys probably feel that as well because you guys are all of your clients, right? That's what I don't like.
I don't like being stagnant and not making like more money. It just feels like if I'm not growing, I'm either stagnant or I'm decreasing.
I don't like that. I don't want to have to worry about things like hitting a certain threshold or all of that.
I don't like team members that are too slow. So I wrote down everything that I just don't like. And how can I do less of that?
So the way that we're actually shifting this. The way that we're actually shifting this. is that we're, I'm actually going to be, the reason why we're doing this cohort is because the program itself and the video modules and everything is going to be so good to where you don't actually feel like you need my one-on-one time to help with that because everything that you're, that you have questions with is already answered in the SOPs and video modules and the goal of the coaches is to guide you to help guide you based on the curriculum that I've built and so now the only one-on-one calls that I'll realistically have is going to be, you know, 30, 45, obviously you guys still get it, because you joined before it, again, I told you that guys joined at the right time, but you get the idea.
If someone's paying 30k, 45k, I'm very happy to talk to them because price shows competence. You guys got to understand, pricing is the perfect way to qualify your clients.
If you're frustrated with client calls because you're signing too many people, you're not charging enough. Because if they pay minimum 30k to get your program and get on the call with you, tell me they wouldn't be fast to implement.
Tell me they wouldn't be a high-level founder or a high-level person that will implement everything that you say. Price is the ultimate qualification tool.
But too many of you charge too little and you wonder why you don't feel like doing the work that you need to do.
It's because your business is flawed. You haven't mapped out what you like and what you don't like. So every single one of you should make it a goal to be disintentional about the business.
Why am I doing this drastic change? I'm doing this drastic change because this will put me in a position where I absolutely love what I'm doing.
And you guys have to be that intentional about it. Because if you're not that intentional, the business will ruin you.
And take it from me because it happened to me. And that's when I was burned out. That's when I was tired.
And if you don't build it this way. And you're not that intentional, the business will run you, and it's going to get to a point where you don't want to film content.
Does that make sense for all of you? Awesome. Awesome. So that's the main things you guys want to take away from this.
The reason why I really enjoy filming content now is because I know that when I do more content, I scale into pleasure, not pain.
I do more of what I love. Because now, when this entire content, you know, when this entire brand architect cohorts is built out, I'm not going to be as involved.
And if people want my one-on-one attention, they can always, like, request it, and, you know, like, they can ascend into a different offer.
But the core offer that we're selling, if I post more content, my one-on-one time will not be associated with that.
Because now it's like, it doesn't make sense for me to be part. of one-on-one in a $15,000, $20,000 offer.
It makes sense at $30,000 or $50,000, you know. But again, my curriculum is still there. That's what I built.
So you're still getting my support, but it's just a different way of getting it. So what does a cohort do?
It does two things. First of all, you guys get absolute value, absolute sauce, and a perspective on personal branding that no one is even showing.
But the second thing is it's built a curriculum so strong that it doesn't need my one-on-one day-to-day management, which is ultimately decided because I wrote down what I like and what I don't like.
I still want to help every single person that I can, but what I don't like is a calendar full of one-on-one calls.
So how can I build a curriculum so strong that I don't need to do all that? You see where I'm coming from?
So all of these are details that you need to be intentional about. What do you like? What do you don't like?
And a lot of you are so... A lot of you are so used to doing it, and you don't even realize that you don't like doing it, which is why you're not executing on the tasks that you need to do, because you know what's wrong subconsciously.
Until you fix that, you're never going to want to do the inputs that you know you should do. So all of it stems from understanding yourself, what you like, what you don't like, and then being intentional with scaling into pleasure, not pain.
Make sense? Awesome. How was this call? Was it good? Sick, sick, sick, sick. Yeah, wanted to go into more detail, like more in-depth, like more in-depth solutions and things you guys can implement, because content is just one small part of it.
And if you fix like the overarching problem over here, the content will be easy, you'll have more fun, all of this.
So I really want to provide you that perspective so that You guys are clear on what you guys need to do, all right?
So hope you guys enjoyed that. Let's open up the floor for some Q&A, and we'll take it from there.
Anyone want to start us off? Pedro, what's up, brother?


@44:20 - Pedro Oliveira
Can you hear me okay? Yeah. So how, because I've made like big shifts in the past, and it was always like some, like some, something happened that I learned it.
So my main question, I didn't watch your video, maybe you said it on your video. Like what happened that made you want to, like was there any, anything specific that happened, or like a mentor that you hired, that told you like, don't do this, scale front end, and then scale with the back end?


@44:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, I would, I did what, what genuinely felt right. Like I, I trusted my gut feeling, and maybe, you know, maybe I'll make
I less, but I have a pleasure of saying that I'm not in a chapter of life where I want money, if that makes sense, like, I know, like, a lot of this, you know, it's a common lesson in business, if it's working, don't change anything, just keep doing it, you know, we hit a record month, you know, like, just under half a million, like, why would you change anything?
It doesn't make sense. But the way I look at it is like, man, I don't even know what to do with all this money.
Like, realistically, I have, I've built a safety net that I can just do what I want now. And whether or not this makes me more money, I don't really care.
But I know this is right for the clients that I'm serving and the people that I'm helping. And I talk to all you guys, I get feedback all the time, like, you know, we prioritize fulfillment so heavy.
I generally feel like I'm doing a disservice if I'm providing three solutions at once, you know. Like we're helping with the offer, and the setting, and the content, like it helps, it's working, it's proven, but if I had to pinpoint one thing that put me in this position today, it's the brand, it's the brand, it's the content, that's why 99% of you bought into, like, you know, are in this call right now, it's because of the good word of mouth, or the goodwill, or anything, and so that is the reason, and so if I just sell like the same thing, yes, it's gonna make me money, but I don't really care about I really don't, and that's what, like, that's where, like, my morals and values, like, outweigh the money that I'm making, it wasn't really a mentor shift, or anything, it was more so, like, this makes more sense, and this will get my clients better results, and this also makes, you know, this also just, like, increases good word of mouth, because now we can really focus on one problem at a time, so when people want to join and work with us, okay, we just help.
With content. And then if you want help with sales, we just help with sales. And so we're tackling one problem at a time, which is what I preach.
I always preach A plus problem. So why are we solving three problems at once in a six-month time frame?
You know, it doesn't really make sense. So it was more so gut feeling and intuition, brother.


@47:18 - Ryan Quach
Yeah, that makes sense.


@47:20 - Pedro Oliveira
And even when you start talking about it more, like, I'm not sure if I'm the only one, but maybe at the beginning I felt a little bit, you know, like, oh, I got to solve this, I got to solve this, I got to solve this, I got to solve that.
But realistically, it's just the one thing. It's the one thing.


@47:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, yeah, Matt.


@47:39 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool. Thank you. Of course, of course.


@47:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Candy, what's up?


@47:46 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, no, this was really good. And my question is, I guess when you were, just curious, like, when you were under 100K, was it the same thing for you in terms of, like, I guess, what's the biggest lever that...
That you pulled, like, say you were around 30 to 50K, you were, you know, trying to get your foot in the industry, break your, like, break out, I guess, what was that biggest lever?
Was it still branding and content? Or, like, what would, what did you notice that was, like, the biggest turning point for you?


@48:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think it was, it was honestly a mix, and I love this question, because 30 to 50 is, like, the, like, you know, you can do 100, but there's so much happening.
And there's so much saturation in the entire market that it's, like, a bit overwhelming, because people are doing the same thing, same offers, all of that.
And I knew that, like, I needed to find what made me different. And for me, like, what generally pushed the needle forward was, like, my word of mouth, and the goodwill that I created.
with the product was genuinely, like, ridiculous. And, like, that's why, when the content blew up, the goodwill also blew up, because now people had a reason to talk more about me.
Makes sense. So it's essentially like everything stems from the product itself. Everything stems from how can you over deliver and how can you make these clients so happy and want to refer everybody to you.
Like I'll give you guys a bit of context. This in March, I think we had like eight referrals.


@49:16 - Ryan Quach
Eight referrals.


@49:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like that's unheard of, you know, like eight referrals is a lot of people. And so something like that, it's just, it's so overlooked, but because we really dialed in the product and because like even this, me giving, the cohort away for free, it's just going to lead to more.
So that's the main thing that no one else actually talks about. And then I just kept on learning content every single day.
And I kept on learning. I remember like at 3050K, I invested into like three different content coaches. invested into Devin Jatho, which was like a value guy.
He taught me value. I invested into a storytelling person that taught me storytelling and how to actually, you know, show my, my.
side of my, my, my, my brand. And also like documentation, how do I be authentic and show like what I'm doing.
And so I took the best of three different coaches and I combined it into mine. And that's how I built my brand.
And the cool thing is we're going to cover each and every single thing that I learned in this eight week cohort.
So you'll get full clarity on like, how do we properly storytell? How do you properly document? How do you properly show yourself all these things?
And when you tie that to the the goodwill that you create from a good product, it's, it'll compound over time and everything will just kind of fall into peace.
Like the puzzle pieces will go together basically.


@50:40 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah. And so with, with the good fulfillment that you provided, I don't know if you're doing one-on-one at that time or probably some mix of group coaching at 30 to 50K, but then because you got those clients good results and you had like, you were probably dialing the offer, dialing in your modules, things like that.
You built the Because technically, it's almost like they can't see how good it is inside until almost they get inside and pay.
You know what I mean? So it's like, you did so well with those people that they spread, word spread about you, all things like that.


@51:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And then it was like, okay, then it just blew up with the content combined. That, but then also, that's a limiting belief.
Why do you guys think we show a few group calls here and there? You know, like, how many of you watched a group call recording before you joined?
Probably some of you.


@51:27 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I know some of you were freebie. I watched three.


@51:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And then watched three, you know? three and I tried to pay in the DMs.


@51:33 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, yeah, I watched, like, or two or three masterminds that I watched. Yeah. And it was between you and Nick Setting.
And it was like, I picked you. It was because you and Nick Setting and I was, like, really invested.
was watching both of you guys. But then I think I aligned more with just, like, how authentic you were.
Not that he's, like, I mean, he's young too and all that. But, like, you were just, like, really, like, you can't.
I don't know, like, he cares too, but like, you know what I mean? Like, it's just a feeling that I felt more, it was more genuine with you.
Yeah, yeah. And that's- He doesn't, he doesn't care.


@52:09 - Riccardo Termini
Trust me.


@52:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I said he doesn't care. Yeah, yeah, I mean, he cares about filming a testimonial with you, and that's about it.


@52:19 - Riccardo Termini
Wow, yeah.


@52:20 - Kennedy Davis
I'm glad I made the right choice then. Yeah, trust me.


@52:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, mean, a lot, a lot of guys have joined us from, from him. Um, but one thing I would say across the board is, like, it's the little thing, so if you see what I do for, uh, like, I'm just documenting what I already do for clients, you know?
I'm documenting what I do for clients, and, like, if I just show, like, glimpse of it, and people get, like, a peek behind the curtains, man, they're gonna have so much FOMO.
And so even if have a group, even if they have a group called Recording, it's not enough. Even if you have a mastermind recording, it's not enough.
You want to be there. You want to be part of it, you want to talk, you want to talk to the people that, you know, like it feels like your community, and so why do I preach morals and values so much is because the thing I love about this community, all of us have good fulfillment, all of us have good products, all of us have good morals and values, you know, I mentioned this on the other call, not a single one, like, maybe some of you guys, but majority of us are just wearing plain t-shirts or plain hoodies, it's the subtle things like, like, look at everyone, like, I don't see any LV or any flashy things, you know, it's nothing crazy.
Danny's wearing a tank top, we're so simple, but do you see how, like, that plays a role in the type of clients we attract, and so it's the limiting belief that only your clients can spread that word, you can show, you can show, and so we're going to really, like, talk about it, oh, I can't wait for this cohort, I don't want to get too ahead of myself, but there's so many ways you can show that you have good fulfillment without saying it, so show instead of telling, maybe showing a one-on-one call, maybe showing a group call, maybe showing something.
Um, that creates that FOMO, you know, like reverse engineer your, your process. You watch like three mastermind recordings, maybe a few group calls, maybe a few testimonials, and then you join.
So you technically only watch one to two testimonials, but then those seven other videos, which I did for my clients, got you in.
So you see how it's like, I just do things for my clients, and I just record here and there and I show.
Yeah, I'll have a whole, don't worry, I'll have a whole video, like a one, one hour masterclass on this, so you guys are, you guys are going to love it.


@54:35 - Kennedy Davis
Bye, bye, thank you. Awesome, I hope that helps.


@54:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, Emma, what's up?


@54:42 - Emma Lavri
I wanted to ask you a bit of a specific question, but with George, we agreed to increase the price of my, uh, medium ticket to 5k, and I wanted to ask you, how do I get rid of the fear of the fact that I might be selling less, considering that's the ticket that made me hit the record?
So I'm a bit worried about that. I'm not sure how to tackle this.


@55:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So it's the fear of like hearing no's or is that what it is? Yeah, probably.


@55:12 - Emma Lavri
Like not selling enough considering the ticket sells okay and I might actually double the price. Okay.


@55:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, I'll tell you this. I want to hear more no's than I want to hear yes's.


@55:25 - Emma Lavri
Okay.


@55:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
If I hear more no's, that means that I'm clear on my ICP. I don't want to serve everybody. Why would I want to serve everyone?
If you serve everyone, you might as well be the cheapest in the entire, like you might as well be the cheapest solution in the entire product.
So if you're not the cheapest or the most expensive and you're in the middle, you'll get squeezed. You either want to be the cheapest and serve everybody or be the most expensive and serve a premium.
Now, why is that? I mean, let's break it down. If you're in the middle, people are always going to be like, why don't I go for the cheap?
Or why don't I go for the most expensive? Always. And so whenever I have a high closing rate, you know, like I always want to increase price.
I always want to increase price. I'm like, it sounds weird, but I aim for a closing rate around 50 to 60%.
It sounds weird, but why? You're like, well, why do I aim for that? It's because if I onboard 60 clients this month and I sell it a 5K ticket, how hard would it be to fulfill for those 60 people?
You know, even though I'm making like 60 times 5K, like, that's a lot. But why don't I just do the math and sell for 15K and maybe a quarter of that?
I'd make more. And I'd also have less work to fulfill. So you're actually shooting yourself in the foot because you are scared of hearing no.
No in my eyes is amazing. Because that person just wasn't worth it for me. What did I say in the...
The beginning. Price is a qualifier. If you can't pay the price, you don't deserve to work with me. You are the prize.
I am the prize in this situation. If you don't want to pay minimum 15K to get access to this, or minimum 20, 30, 45, whatever it is, that just means that you're not that serious and, you know, there's someone out there that will pay that.
There's 7 billion people in this world. What makes you think that you can't hear a yes from someone that wants to say, wants to buy a 15K offer?
So it really just is a limiting belief. You know, and it was a very, very hard switch for me.
But I really had to just understand, I don't want to serve everybody. I don't. It's not worth it. Because I've done it before.
And you can learn the hard way. Candy's nodding your head because she knows, you know. A lot of you have experienced that.
And it's a nightmare. It's an absolute nightmare. Why do you think we always go upscale? Why do we always, why do you think we always do price increases?
The fulfillment is easier. The clients are more competent. I don't have to, like, we hit a record month, but we only have to fulfill for like, you know, less than 20 people.
People would assume that, oh, we have to fulfill for 50 people. No, no, no, our fulfillment's not breaking anytime soon.
You know, our fulfillment is at an all-time high, especially with this new cohort coming around. Like, that's what you want to do.
So, no's is actually good because that just means that the person's not ready to work with you. And if anything, it'll give you the ability to have more respect in the future, and they'll come back and pay you more when you do a price increase.
ACTION ITEM: Split-test 50/50 DM-close vs pitch calls for $5k offer - WATCH
So, a no now is not a no forever.


@58:41 - Emma Lavri
That's a good point. Do you think I can still DM close them with a 5K offer?


@58:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I would split test. I would split test. I would split test, like, 50-50. Half of them pitch up calls, half of them DM close and see which one's better conversion.
Okay? Okay. Thank you. Awesome.


@58:59 - Emma Lavri
Of course. Lucia, what's up?


@59:03 - Lucía Troyano
Hi, it's also kind of specific.


@59:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@59:07 - Lucía Troyano
I was wondering in terms of following the course, because now I'm doing the offer, and because I really align with what you're saying of solving one problem at a time, but I don't see this reflected on the course that I'm actually doing, obviously.


@59:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@59:24 - Lucía Troyano
And how do you suggest that we proceed if we just join, knowing that everything's going to change, because I'm happy to, like, wait or keep doing other stuff, like, however you see.
Your question is, like, what should you do knowing that the program is changing, or? Yes. Yeah.


@59:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, well, what is your A-plus problem? Like, if best case scenario from this program, what do you want to achieve?


@59:54 - Lucía Troyano
Honestly, I joined for a little bit of everything. I really wanted to learn about the backend. I want... So to learn about having a team, managing, also branding, positioning, so it's a little bit of everything.


@1:00:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful, beautiful. Now, a bit of everything, you're still going to get everything. You're still going to get everything and more.
It's just that there's going to be much more emphasis on the content. So, naturally, like, if a lot of you are joining and, like, you know, you guys had the idea, like, oh, I want to dial in the offer, go ahead, you know, hop on the call with Kim, dial in the offer, dial in this, dial in that.
But my question to you is, like, is it really everything? Because if I just told you, hey, what is the one problem that you could solve today, that if you solve that you could tell next to your business?
Lucia, what would that be for you? Would it be content? Would it be something else?


@1:00:50 - Lucía Troyano
I think I'm trapped in this scenario that you, like, referred to. Yeah. Not wanting to double down on content or sell more, because on the inside, I'm like trapped, doing a lot of one-on-ones, and so on.
Okay.


@1:01:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So what I'll do, I can hop on with you, we can kind of like rearrange, like, I'll look at your business as a whole, we'll rearrange that, and then you can, after you get clarity on what you need to do, we can double down on the content, okay?
ACTION ITEM: Book offer/fulfillment review w/ Kim; then book follow-up w/ SooWei if needed - WATCH


@1:01:24 - Lucía Troyano
I think it's the offer, like, I really think it's the offer, like, hop on a call with Kim, hop on a call with Kim.


@1:01:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Dial that in, she'll essentially run you through what fulfillment things to change, what expectation is set when, you know, you're doing the onboarding call, and then, if you still have a problem, you can hop on with me, we'll dial that in, and then we'll make sure that that isn't a problem anymore, okay?
Awesome. Ned, what's up? You might be away. Alan, you can go ahead first, brother.


@1:01:57 - Allen Speigner
Yeah, I was wondering, like, you. Talked about the 50% close rate is what you aim for, because you want to hear more no's.
I was curious, like, how many calls do you have at that higher percentage where you realize, like, okay, it's time to adjust the price?
Like, is that a number for a month? Or is that like 10 calls, you're at 80, or what?


@1:02:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Um, I would, so that's the thing, like, I mean, we average, like, 30 calls a month. So we're doing low volume, high quality, which is exactly the type of business that I want to run, right.
For us, I think around 30 was like that kind of sweet spot, because 5, 10, like, that's too little, it's a small sample size.
I think 30 is a good amount to look for. And to really analyze, like, hey, should I, should I bump up the price?
Should I, you know, try to close less people? Nobody talks about this stuff. But it's like, you know, it's important, because if you hear all yeses, man, it's easier to fulfill for like five people that pay you 10k, instead of 10 people that pay you 5k.
It's just, it just is, you know, you try to better. So I would say every 30 calls is a good benchmark to look at.


@1:03:04 - Allen Speigner
Cool, thank you. Awesome.


@1:03:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool, cool, cool, cool. I don't think Ned is back, but I'll DM him and I'll, okay, there he is.
What's up, bro? What's your question?


@1:03:17 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Oh, my question was, basically, if you, I actually really enjoy the way that I do the fulfillment now, because I give like a large amount of different things, but it goes exactly against what you've spoken about.
But I also think it's because right now, since joining, I've started working on a much higher ticket offer, and we've been closing some people on it.
So in terms of the fulfillment, could you do it where you have like more of a wide scale fulfillment to start with, with much more in depth, higher like tier stuff?
So for example, you can have like a wide scale thing on like DM setting, sales, content, everything, and then a very niche specific module like mentorship on ads for the people that have already like scaled.
look Yeah, you could, you could.


@1:04:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There's no right or wrong, there's no one solution, that that would work as well. Okay, cool.


@1:04:08 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Cool, beautiful.


@1:04:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, I hope I got you guys all thinking, you know, I hope you guys are like, wow, this guy really makes me think.
I want you guys to always think about like, you know, I just, I love when people challenge my thoughts and everything that I believe in, because that's how you grow as a person, that's how you have the different perspective.
So I don't want to make these calls like generic and Q&A and all that, like, that's not my goal with this.
So, you I want to make you guys think, want to make you guys really like question, hey, you know, is this the reason why I'm not posting the content I should be posting, okay?
So I want you guys to, you know, write down a list of three actionable items that you can take away from this call, go off and do them, and yeah, just implement everything that we said, everything that we mentioned on this call, and I'll see you guys on the Friday call, okay?
I'll see you guys next time. Awesome. Take care, guys. See ya. Riccardo, you joined not too long ago, yeah?


@1:05:09 - Riccardo Termini
Yeah, yeah. Awesome. We'll speak soon, brother.


@1:05:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
We'll speak soon. Let me know once you've hopped on with Kim, George, that whole process. I know you're a victim of that guy.
I'm not going to mention his name, but we'll take care of you, brother.


@1:05:24 - Riccardo Termini
No, no, no, not victim mentality. No, but I already opt on with Kim. Okay.


@1:05:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I just opt on with Aiden.


@1:05:33 - Riccardo Termini
Yeah. Well, the main thing for me was, like, I'm really stuck on, like, what to film in general. Yeah.
Like, sometimes I just sit down, and I'm like, I don't know what to say.


@1:05:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Um, so, so that's the main issue with me, because, because my, my market is kind of like, there's no one as famous, I guess, because my target market is, uh, existing agency owners.
ACTION ITEM: Release pre-cohort content videos for members - WATCH
Yeah. Already making, like, between, like, 10, 30k a month. Okay. Um, and potentially one.


@1:06:01 - Riccardo Termini
So, yeah, so I was just kind of stuck, like, I don't know, what content do I make? What do I say?
Okay.


@1:06:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, bro, this is the perfect thing for you. You joined at the right time. The core is going to cover everything.
So, April 15th, mark that down. That's going to be the first one. And I'll release a few videos before that as well that will help you with that.
Okay. So, we'll get that down then.


@1:06:22 - Riccardo Termini
Amazing. Appreciate it, man. Awesome.


@1:06:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, guys, take care. Hope you guys have a good one. See ya.


Friday Q&A call - March 27
Friday Q&A call - March 27


VIEW RECORDING - 66 mins (No highlights)




@0:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, can you guys hear me? Awesome, how are you guys doing?


@0:09 - Andrew Wilkes
Great. Hell yeah, bro.


@0:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What have been up to, bro?


@0:15 - Andrew Wilkes
We're working on content heavily on my end, and then we're just finishing some stuff up on like kind of some new ads that we're doing.
So it's been busy kind of restructuring everything, but it's been good. Hey, nice, nice, nice.


@0:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good. Love it, love it. Cool. Emma, how are you?


@0:33 - Emma Lavri
Really good. Really happy, because I'm finishing this month almost at 70k cash collected, which is insane.


@0:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Record month? Yep.


@0:44 - Emma Lavri
Really happy. Next one, 100k, 100%.


@0:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What was the last record before that? The last one was 41, I think. Wow. So you almost doubled the business.
Yep. Nice.


@1:00 - Emma Lavri
Good work.


@1:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good work. love it. 100 nicks. Let's do it. Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Jakob, how you doing, bro?


@1:07 - Jakob Schnitzler
Good. How about yourself? Good.


@1:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Where are you today, bro? It's not the regular setup.


@1:12 - Jakob Schnitzler
No, Germany. I'm in Germany right now. This is my family over the Easter break.


@1:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Nice, nice, nice. I love it. Oh, yeah. You guys celebrate Easter, huh? What do you guys do for celebration?


@1:24 - Jakob Schnitzler
Just, like, have a breakfast with, like, the whole family and everything. Yeah. It's less of, like, religious for us.
It's more of, like, everyone gets together. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@1:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, family tradition. I love that. I love that. Cool. Jai, how you doing, bro? You all good? I'm pretty good.
How are you, brother?


@1:44 - Jai
Good, good.


@1:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Where are you at? I'm just in, like, the library, bro. Library. Okay. Yeah, I love it.


@1:52 - Jai
I love it.


@1:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. We're graduating soon, bro. It's crazy, huh? Yeah, like, three weeks, bro.


@1:57 - Jai
It's tough, man, bro.


@1:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly. Guys, just, bro, in between calls, I was like, I'm at this like hotel, in between calls, decided to cop some shoes, I looked at the, there's like a store, like a basketball store right there, and I decided to cop some.
I want you guys with the honest opinions. What do y'all think? These are hoop shoes.


@2:22 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Oh. Nice?


@2:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What do y'all, what do you guys think?


@2:26 - Andrew Wilkes
For ball, tough, for ball, they're tough. They're tough, huh?


@2:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
They're tough. Bro, who's, did they, these are John, these are John Brands.


@2:32 - Andrew Wilkes
Definitely for the call, though.


@2:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can't wear them outside, bro, it's crazy. But yeah, I'm just, I just bought these, I'm just, I'm not even planning, I went inside, just like, to look, and I got trapped, bro, like, I got trapped, I tried them on, and when you try it on, it's already wraps, bro, and the employee's looking at you, all that, so it's cooked.
But I got these, these are fire, so. So, Andrew, when I, when I pull up to my end. I'm going give you some work with these, bro.


@3:02 - Andrew Wilkes
Let's do it. Dude, literally, what's it called? Josh Chang told me he wanted to hoop in Jace, and I bought a new pair of hoop shoes.
They haven't even came out of the box yet because they didn't show up.


@3:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So let's run it.


@3:13 - Andrew Wilkes
Let's run it. Let's run it. Let's go.


@3:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's go. Cool. Cool. All right. Let's go ahead and dive right in. Let's go ahead and dive right in.
I mean, it's going to be a regular Q&A today. Nothing crazy. Yeah, just whatever questions you guys have, feel free to shoot.
I'll answer, give you guys a personalized feedback, and we'll take it from there. And if we have time, we'll do a good content as well.
Yeah. I wanted to ask you something, if I can go first. Of course. Of course. Go ahead.


@3:38 - Emma Lavri
Because I'm focusing a lot on YouTube now on providing the best value possible. And I was wondering, what is your strategy behind the two YouTube videos you have, which last 10 hours on the free course?
Because I think maybe I should do the same, but I don't know what's the intention behind it. So what's your take on this?
Do you remember what we talked about in the last call, the Wednesday call? Yes. What was it? Intention, if I remember right.
Close, close.


@4:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It is intention, but what are we trying to master?


@4:18 - Emma Lavri
Like finding your... helper?


@4:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@4:22 - Emma Lavri
Perception.


@4:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Perception, exactly, right? It was a perception. So, I don't expect anyone to actually watch 10 hours of that video.
I mean, if you did, great. You know, you're nurtured, you're warm, you're very, very likely to buy. Amazing. But the perception that I create when I put out a 10-hour video is so different and it's so one-of-one that it's like, oh my gosh, this guy just put out this much worth of value.
And automatically, my perception, your perception of me goes up here because now I'm doing something that nobody else in the industry is doing.
And who do you associate people that give good free value? You associate them with good... Thanks, right? They're doing good for the community, doing good for the people, all of that.
So it really is one of those ones where I decided, hey, I just want to do it. I just want to do it for the sake of doing it and have fun with it.
And yeah, like, even if someone didn't go through the 10 hour video, there would be a benefit because they'd be like, hey, this guy just released a 10 hour video for free.
And especially with someone that's on the fence, the perception that you create is like, wow.


@5:30 - Emma Lavri
He's doing something that nobody else is doing.


@5:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And so if you haven't realized, like a lot of people made those 10 hour videos after. And again, it's like, if you're the first to do a format, and everyone copies you, what that does is also creates that sense of like, hey, I want to do something like this guy as well.
And all the credibility and all the association, everything ties back to you. So it was a move. Because I also know that if my clients had the perception that hey, these guys film the 10 hour
10-hour video. On top of that, I will force my competitors to film 10-hour videos. And so what happens after that?
My prospects can look at my 10-hour video and compare it with my competitors' 10-hour video. And whoever gives better value and better information will get the client.
I know that I have the best information. Like, hands down, you know, like, nobody understands this as much as I do because nobody's learned as much as I have and invested as much as I have.
And so I have that competitive advantage. And so, again, what am I good at? I'm good at giving value.
How can I give so much of that so that people can see and compare me compared to my competitors and make a judgment and make a decision based off of that?
That was where it came from. Okay?


@6:41 - Emma Lavri
Did you record the whole video or did you reuse some old modules maybe you had? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.


@6:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, that took no time. So the 10-hour video, the 7-hour videos, those actually take zero timing at all. All I do is I film the hook.
And I tell my editor to find the best clips of me talking about content, sales, offer, combine them in one.
So if you actually look at that, if you actually look at the video, it was a mix of video modules from the program.
It was a mix of YouTube videos that are free. And it was also a mix of group called Recordings.
So it took no actual time to create that video. It was just a hook. And the perception that you create is like, you know, like so high.
So, yeah, it's just like, you know, people think I sat down and filmed for 10 hours. You're crazy if you think I'm doing that.
You know, like you're actually crazy. No, that's not happening. I just filmed that one minute intro, was intentional about the editing and the packaging.
And then I told my editor, hey, find clips of X, Y, and Z. And we called it a day.
Do you recommend me to do that?


@7:51 - Emma Lavri
Because no one in my space is doing it.


@7:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I think it's a good idea. 100%. That's why you should do it. Because now people can be like, did you see?
the MS video. Like, you want to post content with the intent of getting people to talk about you. So when we post a video where we're saying, like, hey, we're shutting down this company, what are people going to do?
They're going to talk, they're going to chit-chat, you know, and things are going to go around, like, people are going to know, like, not know, like, what's all, like, I swear you just had to recommend why is he shutting it down.


@8:19 - Emma Lavri
Okay.


@8:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So you want people to talk about you, like, there's obviously your value and all that, but you also want to have publicity stunts every once in a while.
Because if your name is in people's mouths, and, you know, people are talking about you, you're in conversations, you're relevant.
And, you know, there's a quote, something like that. It's like, there's no such thing as negative publicity. Publicity is always good, you know.
So that's why, you know, even a guy like, you know, as much as, as bad as the things he's done, a guy like Kanye, you got to understand, like, this guy's good.
at what he does. He's always in the public eye. And maybe not for the bad, maybe not for the right reasons, but he's always in the public eye.
People are always talking about him. He's always on the front page. He's mastered attention. So think about publicity stunts that you could do to, you know, put people, put yourselves in conversations where you shouldn't be.
And, you know, all of these things will help you out in the answer, okay?


@9:27 - Emma Lavri
Okay, thank you.


@9:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Perfect. Yeah, there's no such thing as bad publicity. That's the quote. So every single one of you should always strive, how can I get more attention?
I hope that helps a lot. Jacob, what's up, man, please? What's up, brother?


@9:42 - Jakob Schnitzler
So the question I have right now is that I have a lot of like prospects where like they're super close to buying, but they actually do not have like the money and it's not the investment yet.
So I was wondering if I should start like a lower ticket offer for now, until I have. have. Have like the proof dialed up, because I have like 10 clients, they're going to have great results, but it obviously still takes a while, and like during the time, I think I had like four people, or five people this month, if I would have like a $2,000 offer, I would say they would be highly likely to buy, but obviously, kind of your take on that.


@10:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How much would the price of the lower ticket offer be?


@10:23 - Jakob Schnitzler
I would probably do $2,000.


@10:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
$2,000, okay. and what would be the main difference? Like what's the opportunity cost of you creating a $2,000 offer?


@10:34 - Jakob Schnitzler
Nothing really, I would just make like last one-on-one access, and more of like implement the blueprint once, give them the training plans, and all that kind of stuff, and then from there on, it's not like I'm doing my one-on-one calls with like the real mentorship, it's more of like giving them a guided plan.


@10:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I mean, the thing is, if we have $2,000, what's like the, don't revolve. But the smallest payment plan is $1,000, right?
Or $500. Yeah.


@11:05 - Jakob Schnitzler
Like, would it be worth it to create an offer that where you only collect $500 splits?


@11:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Because if it's $2,000, that means if they piff it, they could also be on the payment plan for the $4,000.
So realistically, it's like, there's not enough discrepancy between the $4,000 and the $2,000 because the minimum payment plan is $500.
It's not even worth it. Like, it's not worth it you to get on a call and only close a $500 payment plan, you know?
So you just have to ask yourself, like, is it worth the headache of signing on a client that can only pay $500 a month?
Would you be okay with that? Andrew's shaking his head. Andrew, what you got to say tonight, bro? I'm dropping, like, every client that I have that's, like, under $8,000 next month because they're all timing out and I'm getting rid of any offer under $8,000.


@11:45 - Andrew Wilkes
It is, it's the, like, we're doing $8,000 to $15,000. Everybody we had who was, like, under that, they just leech as much, like, not to be rude, but they leech as much as they possibly can and they do little work because the little...


@12:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Investment, and they come and go as they please, and expect 100% from you, and give you 2%, so it's like, I think your time would be way better put into, because I think I wasted like a year of my starting, being like, yeah, anybody and everybody, if they can't do it, they can't do it, dude, it's not worth the headache, just like the time you'll spend wasting with them, for that small price, you could put into building something that will only attract the people who will pay, right?
Right?


@12:29 - Andrew Wilkes
Like, it's like your time's more valuable than, than like the low ticket, because like, think about how many hours it's going to be with that person, how many calls, how many text messages, how much time you have to put in with that person, right?


@12:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And you're wasting that time for like, such low amounts, right?


@12:45 - Andrew Wilkes
So it's like, I'm at the point where I don't even want to hop on one-on-one calls with anything under 15k.


@12:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So it's like, because it's just like, you waste so much time.


@12:54 - Andrew Wilkes
It's not worth the money right now. It's like, sacrifice the money right now to build something bigger.


@12:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Long term.


@13:00 - Andrew Wilkes
Where it's like, you can build something bigger, where everybody who comes to you will pay more.


@13:05 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, think my biggest issue right now is just that I don't have, like, I have proof stacked up, but not enough proof for, like, just people to be like, all right.
Like, for example, for you, like, people are just like, I mean, obvious, like, this program works.


@13:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I mean, but that's the thing, like, Andrew was spot on, and a lot of people were agreeing with him, just because, what's up?
This is a massive sales thing, you are only worth the amount that you say you're worth. If you can, like, say a price and not laugh, that's how much you're worth.
And, like, the thing is, if, sorry, this is how I look at it when it comes to sales, is there was this experiment where they took $600,000 worth of Rolexes in New York, and they put them on a cardboard box, like a desk, downtown New York, and they were free.
If you came and grabbed them, you could actually take it home. Nobody grabbed one because they assumed they were fake, but they were real because the perception of the price of it being free meant it wasn't actually what it was worth.


@14:12 - Andrew Wilkes
But people will pay 100K for a watch because it's 100K.


@14:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So they're like, oh, it's real.


@14:17 - Andrew Wilkes
It has status. But because the watch was free or the low price, nobody wanted to grab the free watch because they assumed it was fake.
So if your product's as good as you say it is, the price should be high because you're not changing somebody's entire life for $500 a month, right?


@14:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It just doesn't align.


@14:35 - Andrew Wilkes
And there's this thing in their brain that just goes, oh, no, you know?


@14:41 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, mean, the main thing for me right now is just like stacking up credibility because like what I do, like what I want to do is eventually work with pro players.
Actually, I just signed my first pro player that I worked with from like the MLS or Leonard City. He actually just played last week Messi.
It was crazy when he told me that.


@14:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So.


@15:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
But obviously, like, with this, it's like just time, stacking credibility as much as possible, but I guess, yeah, it just takes time for especially my offer.
I don't think even it takes time.


@15:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're saying that because it's Cope. Like, if you had to sign X amount of, like, if you gave yourself a goal, if I put a gun to your head and said, okay, sign 10 clients for 5K, bro, I promised you you'd figure it out.
But the thing, like, you guys have to understand, you guys are too lenient with your standards. And, like, I'm going to make this lesson applicable for every single one of you.
A lot of you guys say, like, oh, it's easy for you to say, because you have X, Y, and Z.
When I was in your guys' position, I didn't have the credibility, I didn't have the social, I didn't have the status, I didn't have the brand, I didn't have the proof.
I leaned on that. And I was like, man, the fact that I don't have, the fact that I don't have proof, I use that against, I use that for me.
So I'll give you guys an analogy, right? If I was in your position, Jacob, and I didn't have as much proof as I did today, I'd be like, let's say you're on the call me, Jacob, don't you think I'd want to get you the result 10 times more than the guy that has 100 case studies?
Because the case study right now means 10x more than me. Don't you think I'll go above and beyond, run through walls, do as much as I can and run as many one-on-ones with you until you get the result?
Of course I would. Because the case study means more to me than the guy that has 100 case studies.
You don't want to go for an established guy. don't want to go for the most credible guy. They already have their outcome.
already live in their dream life. I'm hungry. I don't have what he has, but I want it, and you're my vehicle to get there, which is why I'm going to run through walls for you.
Do you see how I just turned a weakness? Do you see how I just turned a weakness and a lack of credibility into a reason why I'm better for you?
So it's like... Man, don't look at yourself as like, oh, it's only a matter of time until I, man, use everything for you.
It's all about the way that you look at your position, man. I just turned what you said as a negative into a huge positive.
Now the fact that I don't have case studies, you're like, damn, I want to look at this guy now.
Now you have a different perception on the entire way that you look at business and who you're choosing, right?
So don't, don't look at, don't, don't even say, oh, it'll take time. No, no, no, bro. Just make it happen with what you have right now and find the flip side of the coin.
Yes, I have credibility and I use it to my advantage. But when I didn't have credibility, I looked at it from the other side and I attacked it from that angle.
Make sense? Be more creative with it. All right? A hundred percent.


@17:49 - Jakob Schnitzler
A hundred percent. Yeah. No, as I said, the biggest thing for me is just like actually having qualified book calls, like people that, because as I said, like the people, like there are people that are super into the program, but then they say.
Like, I would do it, but I literally don't have the money, and then I'm like, yeah, that's, that's a different issue.


@18:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Perfect. Thank you. I will say as well, it forces you to get better in marketing, because if you don't have a 2K offer, you can't get away with marketing.
Yeah.


@18:16 - Jakob Schnitzler
You know, so.


@18:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you.


@18:19 - Jakob Schnitzler
You know, put yourself in that position.


@18:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right. Awesome. Ned, what's up, man?


@18:26 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, that was super cool. So, basically, what I was wondering is, when you go to stories, you you're not always doing story sequences.
What do you typically look for when you're not doing the story sequence, in terms of the stories you tend to do?
One thing I've noticed in my stories is, I feel like, right now, I'm not posting enough stories, because before, I was posting loads.
But then I've been thinking recently, oh, maybe, like, I'm posting stories that's actually lowering my authority, lowering my perception.
Like, what is your, like, mindset behind all your stories? That, like, just means that even if You're posting casual ones filming of your face, or you're just doing something a bit more casual, that still keeps up the perception of everything, or maybe I'm just overthinking it.
I think you're overthinking it, bro.


@19:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, stories is just, bro, honestly, it's just me having fun. Like, I don't really care what I post on stories, I've gotten to the point where I've done it so many times and so repetitively, that it just comes to me.
so, the best stories are the ones where it's like, you literally just feel like posting, and you just post it.
And you don't have that much intention, you don't have that much thing, and it's like, it's just simple stuff.
It's just simple stuff. I think you're overcomplicating it, bro. You don't have to, like, with reels, YouTube videos, yes, I want you to do preparation and all that pre-planning, but with stories, man, it's gonna expire in 24 hours.
It's gonna expire in 24 hours, so if you're overthinking it, and you're thinking about your perception, like, bro, it doesn't even matter.
Because the best guys that I know, like, they've gotten so good at posting. on a consistent basis that like they automatically and subconsciously create good perception without them even realizing, you know?
Like even, there is no like set in stone structure, it's just that if you do it and you make it a habit, you get better at it every single day and you progress one step further at a time.
Like I'll tell you one thing that we did, I posted like a few reels of, or like a few like story sequence pictures of like Acasio, you know?
This is simple Acasio. again, I just thought it looked cool. But the people resonated with it and they're like, man, I just love the fact that you have desire to not prove anything to anybody.
You make X amount and people that make X amount usually would wear a nicer watch. You're wearing a $30 watch on your wrist and you don't give a damn.
You're wearing it because you like it. So it's like, I just know that like after a- bit of time and after feedback of just knowing like what people choose you for, you'll just get in the habit and the flow of just picking and choosing things, you know, we're gonna cost you right now, it's like a $30, $40, you know, it's nothing crazy, but people, people really mess with that messaging, where it's like, I don't need to prove you, I don't need to prove anything to you.
So just get in the habit of posting. And then once you get enough feedback, it'll just become fun. It'll just become fun.


@21:29 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, I think it's almost joining, I started to like overthink it, when I was just posting every day consistently before, and then I've been thinking more brand perception, but I'll just go back to what I was doing before, that's cool.


@21:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's a mix of both, bro, it's a mix of both, okay. Good, cool.


@21:46 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Awesome.


@21:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jai, what's up, bro?


@21:49 - Jai
So I just had a question, right now when people book in a call, we send them a testimonial video, we send them a YouTube which is like, um,
I was broke at 19, here's the blueprint, and then just before the call, then the video that I filmed in London, which is a commonly asked question, but I was watching Wyatt, and he kind of goes more talks about his story and the transition he made.
I was just going to ask your opinion of what you think, for someone like me, who's complete B2C guys, who's probably never been in the call before, what would you say I should have in some videos that I've sent before?


@22:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's really simple, get them to like you, and get them to trust your process. I would do it in one video.
So, when you guys send three videos to your prospects in the post-booking, you overwhelm them, you know, like, you should have one core video that you send, that gets them to really like you as a person if they haven't already, and gets them to really trust the entire process that they've got to work on.
That's like the entire post-booking video in a nutshell, okay? And it's a bonus if they can watch a client interview that you do with a...
with one of your best performing case studies and take it from there. It's really that simple. I wouldn't overcomplicate it.
And a lot of people think that B2C and B2B is that different. It's actually not that different. People think that B2B guys are some creatures or some animals.
Like, bro, they're still humans at the end of the day. They're just more sophisticated, you know? But the underlying concept still remains.
They still have to like you. They still have to trust your process. And they still have to believe that you can take them from point A to point B.
Same thing with B2C prospects. So I would just have one core video where you go over like yours. I wouldn't necessarily go over your story.
Your story should already be known when they watch your content. So that's going to be the one thing you do in content, but they should get to like you and then trust your process.
Like, I've even forced myself to just make my post booking just about the process because people already like me and my brand.
They know my morals. know my values. know who I stand, who I am, what I stand for, the things I do.
And the whole goal of post booking is just... It's your trust my process, because you already like me. So get a gauge for like, what is that thing that people are saying about Jai?
Do they like you? What's going on? All of that. And then take it from there.


@24:13 - Jai
Cool. Yeah, probably right. Well, right. What we were doing before is we weren't sending them all the videos at once.
We'd send them one and we'd say, like, take notes on each video, because Jai's going to be like, I'm going to be like, ask me questions.
Like, so make sure you watch the video. So after every video, we'd send notes.


@24:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, it's not bad. I just create one. I just make it simple. Just create one.


@24:42 - Jai
Because there's less work for them.


@24:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And chances of them going through all three are much lower than it is for just one. Okay. Yeah.


@24:50 - Jai
And then I just have one more question. Of course.


@24:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course.


@24:53 - Jai
So I'm obviously finishing uni in like three or four weeks. I'm going to go like traveling for like, I don't know, four
Four months, five months, something, and I kind of want my brand to be, like, similar to what Marcel does, that, like, my ICP is on some people, but, like, they're nine to five, they're so lost, they just want to make money online, not for, like, the flashy stuff, but to, like, be able to, like, be free, know, feel fulfilled, stuff like that.
How would you, like, take that angle on the content? Because the sales school stuff have been performing really well for me and stuff.
I used to just not have a, I feel like I know content a little bit more now, I'm not the level I want to be.
I just wanted to get your opinion on how I can, kind of, take that view, so it's going to be a big, big step up.


@25:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. So, the main thing you have to understand is, if you tell stories about you being a 19-year-old broke uni student, you're not going to try a 24-year-old corporate guy that has money to invest.
So, you have to pick and choose stories that resonate with the ICP that you're trying to attract. What I would do, instead of that, you can be like, I was going down a path that felt like a dead end, and I had no...
Real future that I was excited about. And so now you're relating to the 25-year-old that's stuck in corporate because you're saying the same things, but you're leaving out the fact that you're in university to avoid attracting that ICP, you know?
So you have to be very careful and be very, very good at, like, what you pick and choose and the stories that you share.
And that's what will put you in the category of one. Too many of you are too lenient. Like, yes, you're trying to attract, yes, you can talk about your past stories, but sometimes your past stories will attract the type of ICP that you don't even want to work with.
So what aspects of that story would resonate with a guy that's more qualified and how can I tell that?
That should be your question. So you see how I turned a twist where I was like, I felt unfulfilled and I knew that this path, this path was just leading to a dead end.
And it wouldn't lead me to build something that I was actually proud of. That perception makes you feel like you're in a job, but you're not.
You're in a university. You know what I mean? So you just have to pick and choose specific things that make yourself feel like, hey, this guy gets me.
And that's where the market research and all that comes in. So yeah, that's what you're going to do. All right.
Beautiful. Perfect. Emma, what's up?


@27:20 - Emma Lavri
I have a question because I'm about to close if everything goes right. Another 12K client, which is like my high ticket.
And the thing is, I've scaled with a low ticket and with a medium ticket. And now from what I've talked with Kim Chi, the idea is to migrate the high ticket clients with the medium ticket clients, but the medium ticket is 2K.
And I'm a bit concerned because I'm not sure how should I approach this considering the high ticket client has nothing to do with the medium ticket, but I should put them together in a Discord because now they're just in WhatsApp.


@27:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I'm changing that.


@27:58 - Emma Lavri
How would you approach this? I would have two separate channels.


@28:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So the thing is, like, if there's that big of a price discrepancy between the two offers, I wouldn't put them in the same booth.
Like, you should create the exclusivity that these people should want to be like the 12K guys. So if you put them all in the same booth chat, there's no discrepancy.
The 2K people are getting the same thing as the 12K people. It's not nice. Like, especially the biggest part is the community, right?
So one thing we're actually doing, and one thing we've seen worked really well, where you should create a separate group chat that they can see, but they can't talk.
So on Discord, there's actually a feature where it's like, you can have, like, a main community where everyone can talk, but then there's an exclusive one, whatever your program name is called, and only the guys that made 12K will be in that one.


@28:51 - Emma Lavri
And now you're building formal and you're creating curiosity.


@28:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that's going to do well. I'll tell you guys what we're doing, actually. So at the end of this month...
right back. We're essentially going to obviously rule out the core modules, right? And so this core offer that you guys are in, you guys will still obviously get the, you know, all access coaching across all, you know, the offer sales and all that.
But we're going to call the main offer brand architect. There's going to be a secondary offer that's going to be called advisory group.
There's going be a second offer that's called advisory group. And those are the people that are really spending one-on-one time with me, getting advice on their business, getting help from me.
And, you know, you can only buy that program once you're minimum at 50, 50K a month, minimum, like bare minimum, you know?
And the perception that we create is going to be like, hey, this specific offer is only for this type of person.
And you can't see the group, you can't see everything. You can see the wins, and you can see the type of people that are in that community.
But do you see how the natural path is not to stay at brand acquisition, it's to go to advisory.
So you essentially got to like sell them on the long-term vision of joining. this other 12K offer, which if you do it for FOMO right, that will happen.
So that's working for a lot of our clients. We've told a lot of our clients to do that, and it's working extremely well.
And yeah, just build a lot of FOMO, and you'll get more people wanting to join the 12K if you do it the right way.


@30:17 - Emma Lavri
Okay, I will, because my idea is so that the medium ticket disappears, because now there's 40 people there, which is nice, but it's a six-month program, so I build the offer, not the right way, and now I'm changing that, so I will try to migrate them, eventually.


@30:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, that's what I would do. Yeah, you just had an offer problem, honestly, but once you're charting 12, oh my gosh, it's going to be so easy.
You're going to be like, what was I doing all the time?


@30:47 - Emma Lavri
Yeah, absolutely. That's the idea. mean, even the low ticket, it's giving me 15K MRR every month. But I still want to maybe destroy that, because what's the point if I can close 12K clients all the time?
Exactly, exactly. Awesome, let's do it.


@31:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oisin, what's up, man? Hey, bro, how are things?


@31:08 - Oisin
Good, bro, good, how are you?


@31:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good, good, good.


@31:10 - Oisin
Just a quick one on the actual upsells. So we have this structure, we can go ahead, get our clients' results, but we also have the inner circle, which I don't think we're pushing correctly.
So I'm just wondering, how do you go ahead and structure it properly? Because we've worked with, you know, other people a bit more closely before, and the results have been crazy.
But now I just don't think we're getting the point across. We've restructured in from like a profit share to a retainer a month.
And, but I don't know, we're just not getting the message across. So people will come into our basic offer, they'll go ahead and make their sales, but then they won't be interested enough into the inner circle, which is, okay.


@31:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, guys, I want every single one of you guys to listen to this. You care too much about your clients?
That you give them all the support that they need, that makes them feel like they don't need enough more support.
So every single one of you, the reason why you guys are facing that issue, I fell in this trap as well, I kid you not, like, at one point, you know, I'd give one-on-one support, like it was nothing.
Like, I'd hop on one-on-one calls every single day, my calls would be, my calendar would be packed, that was 12, 14 calls, and I was wondering, like, hey, I'm charging this amount, my clients are happy, but I'm not making the amount I want to make.
And I realized, I was shooting myself in the foot. Like, I cared so much about my clients that I gave them everything on the first day.
But you have to realize that you don't need to give everything on the first day to get them the outcome that they want.
So here's what we're doing, like, and this goes for every single one of you, because you guys need to build for the long term.
I'm essentially, like, for the future clients that we're going to sell for the, you know, like, the 10 to 20K offer, the brand architect.
I'm not going to be in the one-on-one. I'm not going to be in the one-on-one. I'm only going to host one group calls.
If you want one-on-one with me, you have to join the, you know, there's an advisory group. You know, you have to join that one.
And the reason why is because if I give you everything on the first day, I'm doing myself a disservice because there are people out there that are paying me 50.
And so just because someone pays you doesn't mean you give them all the support that they want. You have to set boundaries for what your time is worth.
So if someone were to pay you 3K, like, realistically, you have to understand that, yes, fulfillment is extremely important.
And you should do as much as you can to help them. But that doesn't mean that you send them 10 one-on-one calls because now, what are they going to get in a upsell offer?
Nothing. So you have to write down, like, what is the thing that you can do? That can build leverage and fulfillment.
So one thing, why are we doing the cohort? Why are we doing the video modules? Those video modules will last a lifetime.
They will last a lifetime, straight up. Like, there's going to be so much detail and in-depth information about how to build your brand, that that alone could be a standalone $15,000 offer, where we just help you with your brand.
You're still getting advice from me, but I'm just more leveraged. And then my team is helping you implement. And then if you want actual, like, one-on-one with me, okay, that's going to be a different offer.
So I stopped trying to provide all the support on day one. I held back a bit. And I actually found out, like, what was the one thing that I could do to make my life easier for fulfillment?
And that was doing one-to-many deliveries. Now, the important part here, don't just get out of the one-on-one. No, no, no.
Have very competent team members. You guys have joined in. I'm sure you guys know every single person on the team and why they're competent.
Kim, Aiden, George, they're all good at their . If you don't have those team members, and you just sell video modules, of course you're going to have a fulfillment.
I only got out once I was confident enough that my team could handle the entire implementation, the accountability. But if you give too much one-on-one, there is no LTV, there is no ascension path.
That's the problem. Oisin, does that make sense? A hundred percent, bro.


@35:26 - Oisin
So, to step away from the basics, and then use the one-to-one in the actual inner circle, where you're... Yeah, exactly.


@35:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
If you repeat yourself more than two times, or three times, that is a sign that you need to build a video module or an SOP.
Because I should never say that. Like, when I hear that twice or three times, that means that's a hole in my video module, so they watched it, and I have to cover that hole.
It's really that simple. So, So, You guys have to like step out of your mind. We are too nice for our own good.
And this made me lose so much money for the longest time ever. Because I actually asked for my clients, like, hey, like we have like this offer that you know of.
Like they eventually bought it. They eventually like joined Inner Circle and all that. And I was simply asking them like, hey, like, why didn't you join earlier?
And he sat there and told me and he was like, I don't know what I would get in that offer that I'm not getting in this offer.
I don't know what I would get in that offer that I'm not getting in this offer. So they already feel like they have everything that they need.
So why would they need this extra thing? So what do we do? I'll tell you what we did. Instead of trying to solve 20 different problems and half-assing, giving you guys like solutions that are like mediocre.
Why don't we just solve one problem at a time and solve them in detail? So what do you guys all struggle with?
Content, sales, fulfillment. Content is the first thing that every single person comes to us for help with, because they want our brand, they want lead flow, they want book calls.
So why don't we dial that in in the brand and concrete type of offer? And then, it's going to be the appointment setting, the management, closing.
Okay, that's going to be the next one. And so we're solving one problem at a time, instead of trying to solve four problems at once.
Because solving multiple problems in a core offer is killing your LTV. It really is. And you guys are going to see that generalists will be outcompeted by specialists.
Like, you guys all believe that you had a core problem, which was content, on the most part, right? For most of you, was mainly content.
That's why you guys chose to work with me. That was the main thing. And so, if I sold, like, content, appointments, like...
The reason why we're moving away from this is because if I sold content upon me setting an offer in sales, and you only need to help with content, and you pay, let's say, 20K, you'd feel like, bro, I paid 20K to just get help with one of the four things that he's teaching me.
I don't feel like I'm getting a value out of my service. So the perception that I create is like, even though I feel like my offer was so good, because I'm solving all these different problems, from the client's perspective and from the prospect's perspective, it feels like, hey, I'm not getting my value for money, because I only used one.
It's better to have less things in your fulfillment for all of them to use it, than 20 different things, and then for them to use five.
Because when they use that, they feel like they didn't get the most out of your program. So write down, what are the two or three things that your clients absolutely love in your program, and only provide those?
Yeah. Thank you. Because too many of you are doing a disservice by solving all these problems, and you're pushing the client, the ideal clients that you need, because you're perceived as a generalist, not a specialist.
Oisin, does that make sense, bro?


@39:17 - Oisin
Bro, 100%. Good value. And then the other thing with it as well, how do you go ahead and get the message across?
So completely understand, step back, solve one problem at a time. But then when it comes to actually, you know, pitching or letting them know about the inner circle, how do you go about that?
Do you reach out to each and every individual?


@39:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, it's one of those ones where you let them know that's like the next thing to get towards. So, okay, we've helped you solve, like in my situation, okay, we've helped you solve the book calls problem, your booking calls, your skill to record months, X, Y, Z.
The next... The problem you're going to solve, that's going to come up with fulfillment. Now, don't want to face that problem and then come up with a solution.
I want to pre-handle that problem so that we can keep on scaling. Would you want to explore the option of talking about how we can solve that problem for you in this other offer?
So, I'm positioning it in their best interest where I'm pre-solving the problem that I know will pop up because I've worked with hundreds of clients.
And the key thing is your offer has to actually be good, you know, like, it has to actually be really solid.
So, if you're it like that, there's no reason why they'll say no, especially if you already solved the first problem.


@40:38 - Oisin
100%, appreciate it. Awesome.


@40:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And I hope you guys have taken notes as well because, like, you know, I'm sure all of you guys are solving, like, a ton of different problems.
But once you solve, like, one at a time, it'll become easier and your LTV will be much higher. Kennedy, what's up?
Yeah, I'm actually experiencing this right now and I feel like because we do...


@41:00 - Kennedy Davis
pretty much the exact thing. Most of, everyone almost is in the stage of just fixing personal branding and content.
And most people come to me for personal branding, but then obviously I do everything. So it's almost like when they get to the end of the term, it's like, what else do they have to offer?
Kind of how you were explaining, it's like, well, what do you send them to? So I guess, would you do it in terms of, okay, so you do personal branding, you do sales and like setting, but would you price that at like, like still the same around like 10 to 15K, 10 to 15K?


@41:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And then I guess also, how do you, for somebody who's looking for a whole A through Z, and that's what they think that they need, because like, oh, I want to go with the person that has everything.
What do you do for that?


@41:47 - Kennedy Davis
How do you handle that objection? Or do you find that or no?


@41:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So a lot of the times when they think that they need everything, they really don't. They really don't. And it's your duty and your conscience to make them realize that,
They have one problem and they need one solution. The person that needs five solutions is usually the most delusional and you need to get them out of their own mental state.
So don't listen to them and get them to believe what is actually true, okay? So that's a content thing.
Second thing is like I would just honestly, same price, same offer, but like one thing that I'm really learning, like I'm learning about a lot about offers and all of this.
You guys need to understand that like, okay, let's say $15,000, you want to pitch like a $30,000, like you want to pitch double of what you initially pitched in the first thing because the perception that you'll create is like, hey, I've already solved this problem.
And the chance of them saying yes to a second offer is much higher, okay? And you don't charge in accordance to, you don't charge in accordance to what you provide, you would charge in accordance to what you bring to the table.
So if they know that... They have 100 leads that are extremely warm and waiting to be closed. No matter what you charge them, they're going to say yes.
So you don't want to charge them the same amount because you've already proven yourself once. The conviction that they have, the likelihood that they'll say yes, the fact that they understand your coaching and everything, like, it makes sense for them to say yes to the second problem.
So I would price double and I would have a rollover technique. So essentially what I'd say, it's like, hey, I'm offering you, like, I would do the same thing that I'd say to, that I said just now where it's like, hey, we've already solved this problem, whatever.
This next problem is going to come up. And then you say the offer, whatever. And then if they say yes on that call, they actually can use the $15,000 that they spent towards this $30,000 if they say yes on the call.
But if they don't, then they have to pay the full $30,000. So that's called a rollover, that's called a rollover upsell, where the amount that they paid initially rolls over to the amount that they're going to pay for this new offer.
And it also increases urgency and scarcity because it's a one-time offer on the call. that make sense? Got you.


@44:08 - Kennedy Davis
Got you. Okay.


@44:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes. Okay, solid. It takes a lot of time to, like, master this, but if you just have that in the back of your mind and you understand, like, okay, like, this is what I'm going for, this is what I'm shipping for, it'll work really well.
Okay. Okay.


@44:23 - Kennedy Davis
Perfect. Cool. Hope that helps.


@44:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you.


@44:27 - Kennedy Davis
Of course.


@44:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up?


@44:29 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, Kennedy, that works really well. We do something like that where it's, we, like, basically once we get them to, like, their ideal goal, like, 10 to 20K a month, then we partner with them and start taking 20% of their business or a ground floor of 5K per month until the 20% beats that.
And then we're always making money off that client. And then they're always going to say yes because it's, like, well, we made you 20K, like, a month.
Why are you going to say no to making 50 to 60? Because then we start running your ads, we run your editors, everything like that.
So, like, have, like, a next tier. Kind of, like, a done for you. Done With You kind of ladder, but how do you feel about that, SooWei, when it comes to like, not so much like the rollover offer, but the kind of like having percent in like floors, like performance floors and percents as an add-on, like a partner kind of thing?


@45:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't think it's a bad idea, but there's a lot of variables at hand when it comes to a partner, and I would only roll out a partner into three to five highly, highly qualified people.
So that's not an upsell that I would roll out at scale, simply because there's so many variables at hand.
First of all, you have to rely on if the client's going to post content, if the client's going to do what you say, if a client's going to have the same vision and mission as you, like, there's so many things that come into it.
So I like to avoid that all in all, and just get an upfront fee. I'm paid, you know, you get the service that you want, you have higher margins, whatever.
But I've leaned away from that pricing model because there's so many variables at stake. week. And I'd rather just like get the client safe, give them the offer, and then also get me and my team safe and just have the money on fire.
You know, it's just better that way. And the expectations are just like clearer. It doesn't feel like I'm taking away from you.
It feels like you're buying a service, which is the case. And so the problem with like taking percentage or a floor is that it always feels like the, I mean, the clients, from the client's perspective, it's always like, this guy's eating into my margins.
It's and that's why growth ops are going out of business, you know, like, yeah, they're going out of business because it always feels like, man, I got to give this guy like what, $50,000 this month?
you kidding me? I could probably do something myself. And then they'll kind of like come up with, because humans and humans in nature, like we're selfish.
And so we want to keep as much of the pie as possible. So when you're sitting here and taking 30% of some guy's business, that's his life and blood, man, it just feels .
And so they're going to like subconsciously, they're not even going to realize it. They're going to try to cut you
of the business and do things that you're doing so that they can keep that extra 30, 50k, you know?
Yeah, that makes sense.


@47:07 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay. And then when it comes to like what you were saying about like your offer and everything like that, and like kind of having different tiers of offers, like how you're going with content, right?


@47:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
As soon as you said that, first thing that popped in my head was because of the sales aspect of like what I offer is like the strongest aspect.


@47:23 - Andrew Wilkes
Like, yeah, we have guys, like we've taken guys from like zero to 80k followers and stuff like that. We do do branding and stuff, which is funny because I don't do it for myself.
Which is what Kim made fun of me for. So the sales, when we look at that is like the biggest aspect.
And it's been like in the past, I've debated getting out of the fitness industry and just going straight into sales.


@47:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But would you see it as like a valuable thing to kind of like run a, like a sales program for fitness coaches or just like, like when you're talking about like different tiers and different offers, like how you're doing it?
Like, would find why people choose you. Like, why do people choose to work with you? And, you know, Like, it's almost a no-brainer for me to switch to a more content-first approach because, man, every single onboarding is like your brand, your brand, your brand, your content, your morals, your values.
Everything is just related to the brand. So it's like if everyone's doing that, might as well just have like an absolute killer solution, super in-depth just on content, you know?
So people are saying that, hey, your sales stuff is good. I'd love to learn how to do sales IQ.
All this, I don't know how you do it. And people are saying it over and over again. Bro, 100% do that.
But I wouldn't change it. I wouldn't change the positioning that much. Like, we're still going to be very, very niche on helping online coaches.
But we are, like, if you haven't realized already, like, we're emphasizing the importance of organic content and how this branding stuff has completely changed my life, you know?
So, yeah, I would find out, like, why are the reasons why people are choosing you and just strictly lean into that.
you. you. Thank Thank Thank Thank


@49:00 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, that's good. I've been recording all my calls and, like, drilling every client, like, recently. go. There you go.


@49:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay.


@49:06 - Andrew Wilkes
Appreciate it. That's everything. Of course, of course.


@49:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jai, what's up, man?


@49:11 - Jakob Schnitzler
So, I mean, I kind of have, in terms of, like, I kind of have offers in one, where it's, like, one, I'm helping people with, like, their mindset, and the other one is, like, installing a professional, like, really blueprint in terms of, like, training and everything.
But if I look at my best clients, like, some join for the one, or some join for the other.
So, I don't really know how I could, like, take it away from each other and basically make it in some kind of upsell.
So, that's, like, kind of the first question. The follow-up to that is, like, how do you market? Are you actually, like, marketing the just-at-front offer, or are you also talking about the difference?


@49:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, I'll answer the second question first. Your marketing doesn't fundamentally change. Like your marketing usually will stay the same.
And so whatever you're talking about right now, like that can stay the same. just have a bit more emphasis on the main front end mechanism that you're using.
That's the first thing. The second thing is your biggest concern, Jacob, is not that your LTV is low, it's that your book calls is low.
So it's like, again, it's like the new shiny thing that, oh, I want to solve this problem. Like this problem is coming up, you know, they're talking about this.
It's like, it's very easy to want to just solve it and sit down and be like, hey, hey, I want to, I want to separate the offer, but it's like, it's not going to do it actually to do anything.
It's not going to do anything because it's still going to be the same problem at hand. So I wouldn't stress about the offer of our youth.
I would simply just worry about book calls. can I find better content? How can I get better at the sales process?
Yeah. Okay, perfect.


@50:48 - Jakob Schnitzler
Thank you.


@50:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But if you guys were to make a pivot into like selling one solution to one problem, you have to make sure that they have enough money.
Okay. To bar the next thing. Because imagine like you help someone with just content, right? And these guys are just not converting at all.
Like the way that we're going to do it, we're going to have like fundamentals of appointment settings still there.
And George is still going to be of help, you know? So everything that we help on the sales side is still a bonus.
And they realize that there's like a whole nother game to this. That's what I would say. But it's very, very important that when you think long term and when you're creating these upsells and these offers, you have that back in the mind, like, hey, this guy, this person could actually make X amount with this offer, standalone offer, you know?
Because it doesn't make sense to just sell an offer, have it make no money, and then try to upsell him on another one.
Like it doesn't make sense like that, especially if you don't make money on one. But Oisin, what's up, man?


@51:53 - Oisin
Just a little thing about the actual partnerships that Andrew was saying. And so with the inner circle that we were doing, we would work.
Alongside them, and we do like a profit channel. Now we moved away from it, because I agree with you, it can be a nightmare.
It's, you know, you have to go chew a doll, da da da, so on, so on. But we've seen like a lot of these guys that we have don't have access to a lot of capital, like a lot of coaches, because it's going to be the first time making online money.
So when we're doing like the inner circle, it just feels like we can only, it's not that we can charge more.
Like if I was to pitch them a five, five, seven K off or whatever, maybe like, it's going to, I don't know.
Again, I'm not going to say I feel it, but I know that they're not going to be, they're more inclined to go with the profit share basically.
And we still, we still made amazing with the profit share because we actually delivered. You know what I mean?
So I just kind of confused on what should, because we want to shift into like just the one time or for the one time program, whatever it be.
But, you know, I don't know if they're actually going to pay that, if that makes sense.


@52:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All of your problems will be solved if you turn into more sophisticated ICP. So, I'd like to say this, you can be the best business owner, but if you're selling to broke clients, you can't do jack .
Like, you just can't do , you know, like, it's just, it's just terrible. So you can have the best product, the best performance, best extension, best everything.
But if you're selling a guy that only started off at 500 bucks up front, what do you expect? Like, it's just, it's just terrible.
And I think everyone at this has been there, done that. And that's why, you know, you see me, like, I went from targeting new beginner coaches to now targeting guys between 30 to 100.
Like, why do I always go upscale? Because there's less headaches and less problems. And it's easier to fulfill. The number one problem that you will face is a fulfillment issue.
Like, in your consulting company. And a way to solve the fulfillment issue is by having enough on the front end so that you can hire the best talent.
And also making sure that your clients are actually competent. So price is the best. price disqualificate, but price is the best qualifying factor of any customer that I choose.
The reason why we price our programs at the point that they're at right now is because if you can afford a multiple five-figure option, you're going to be competent, you can listen, you can be disciplined, you know?
So, man, I wouldn't stress about how to price yours. I would stress about how to find a better client to work with.
Because you don't realize this, you would get even better results if you target a nine-to-five corporate guy that was 25th and got a degree.
Think about how much easier it is. Like, yes, it's working right now, but it could work better. So don't think about how to solve a problem when your ICB is broke.
Think about how to attract a more qualified ICB, okay? Thank you.


@54:53 - Oisin
Yeah.


@54:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
A lot of the times, we think that this is the problem that we have. But again, I would never have.
I have that problem because the ICP that we have is just so sophisticated. It's so high tier, you know?
So a lot of your problems will be faced when you fix the ICP problem. Hopefully that makes sense, bro.
Jun, what's up? Yo, yo, how are you?


@55:16 - Jun Nam
I'm good, man.


@55:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm good. How are you? I'm good.


@55:19 - Jun Nam
I'm good. I got maybe like three weeks left until I graduate. So I'm just waiting, bro. Counting the days.
Let's do it.


@55:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it.


@55:26 - Jun Nam
So I talked to Kim a couple days ago, and I was talking to her about like my setters or VA slash setter situation.
And because he's from the Philippines, I just like, it's just that the way he messages, it's just not like me at all.
I mean, it's getting better, but it's just not quite like me to the point where I feel like I can get people's trust that it's actually me and I actually care, all these type of things.
And she said something. She said that I was actually kind of approaching it the wrong way. She was saying that instead of getting that VA...
I think want get Thank To kind of do all the setting. She was saying that I should get the VA to, you know, do the outbound, the initial outreach, and build like just like an initial report, and like do follow ups, that sort of thing.
But if it's like a good lead, and if they have like a decent convo going, I should just take over the VA should just tag it.
And then I should just take over and then end up like, I do the pitching, I do all of those things.
Because I feel like in the beginning, it's fine. But then later, as they talk more about like fitness side of things, I think, he just doesn't know much.
And he just can't reply the way that I would. And, and then I think he just makes me look not as knowledgeable in this area.
Because he just says things that are like general. So like, what are your kind of thoughts on that? Do you think that's super smart?


@56:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's super smart. 100% do it because you have to understand, like, this is a lesson for all you guys managing team members.
When you manage team members, you have to find like, like, everything is your fault. Yeah.


@56:59 - Jun Nam
Yeah. No matter.


@57:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Whether you're from Philippines, Pakistan, bro, I don't care. Everything is your fault. Because you didn't create an SOP clear enough for them to follow.
So I would get so good at creating SOPs and teaching them on how to build rapport and how to do the initial webinar and do exactly what Kim said.
I don't think you guys understand. Kim is so good at what she does. When I first started working with her, was like, you know, sometime last year, she pointed out flaws in my business.
And there was so much, like, leakage in my entire business. Like, the way that I was running the team, the way that we were operating the systems.
Like, she pointed out, like, five things. And at first, I was, like, dismissing it because I'm like, like, what do you know?
You know, like, my ego kind of came in. But I actually, like, took what she said to her. And I was like, she was spot on.
She essentially pointed out that I had too many team members that were making money with vehicles that didn't include me.
And people were actually benefiting off of my name. And when I read. Realize that. I brought people in-house, now we're on track for a clap a million.
So the only reason why I put Kim in a CSM position is because I listened to her business advice, and we made more money.
You know, like the people that I put in front of you are not just people that I chose, because they're like competent or they're okay.
I actually listen to them, and they're part of my internal team. And if you know anything about my standard and my level of operations, it's hot, you know?
So, yeah, that's just a quick, quick, quick thing that I'll tell you guys in terms of the coaches and everyone that you're talking to.
But 100%, I would do that, because it makes sense. Think about, like, think about the opportunity cost. There's no negative to that situation.


@58:42 - Jun Nam
Yeah.


@58:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Because the only negative is that you suck, like, let's say you suck at setting, but if that's the case, then how can you expect the VA to do it if you can't even leave the VA?
So 100%, I'd do that, okay?


@58:53 - Jun Nam
Okay, okay. Sounds good. And one quick thing with content. I know... So I've been actually like working with a new editor and I've been getting out better content and I've been more intentional and those sort of things.
But like, how long would you say that I need to kind of like keep ripping a same format until like I say, okay, it's not working, ditch it, and then try a different one, that sort of thing?


@59:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I wouldn't say it's about the time.


@59:22 - Jun Nam
It's about whether or not you feel aligned with that format.


@59:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So if you're constantly thinking like, oh, when's the next step? Like, do I have to do it again? Chances are, it doesn't suit your strengths.
So the fact that you're asking that question, you probably just don't like ripping that format, correct? Okay, okay. So you got to find a format that gives you energy, that makes you want to film and gets you excited.
Yeah, that should help out. Okay. Okay, sounds good.


@59:47 - Jun Nam
Thank you. That's awesome, of course, of course.


@59:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jacob, what's up?


@59:54 - Jakob Schnitzler
Last one. I took to heart what you said the other day with absolutely obliterating the group calls. So it's...
Gotta be like that. So I think one thing you said, and that really resonated with me, were you like, your ICP is not like, sophisticated enough.
And for me, for example, like I have the pro player, I took him on for free, because I was like, like, that's the biggest thing if I get his client testimonial, obviously.
But I would say, I want to target just entirely pro players slash like, high college players like myself. How would you kind of position that with like, the type of credibility in terms of content?
Because I'm obviously lacking credibility in terms of like, providing service to pro players, I know that I can give them like, good service as I do with the one pro player.
But obviously, like, how would you what angle would you kind of take to like, appeal to those players, or like, professionals in general?


@1:00:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'll talk about a specific problem that they're facing that you've solved. So instead of relying on experience or credibility or all that, you're relying on credibility from solving a problem that they're still facing at a pro.
That's what I would do. So map out what are the problems that they're facing, and map out the fact, like, how can you show that you've solved it, and then you take it from there, okay?
But that means you have to lean out of the fact that, oh, get players in a D1. The reason why you're not attracting the pro and the college guys, because you're saying, I'll be getting a D1, so now you have to change the positioning and the marketing, okay?


@1:01:21 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, okay, yeah. So become a lot more solution-focused, rather than, like, playing with my own story. Exactly, exactly. Getting a lot more about my knowledge, because, actually, one super cool thing is, I'm working, like, I'm getting mentored now by one of the best individual coaches from the Bundesliga, like, pro coaches.
So, like, I'm about to learn, like, insane amounts of value, also, like, just...


@1:01:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Document that.


@1:01:44 - Jakob Schnitzler
Document that, yeah.


@1:01:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, okay, okay, okay, perfect.


@1:01:47 - Jakob Schnitzler
Perfect. Of course. you.


@1:01:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. Oyssen, what's up, man?


@1:01:52 - Oisin
Hey, bro, just the last one as well. Just coming back to the ICP. And so, of course, we switched up.
You know, I agree. With the ICP as well. So we switched up to the 9-to-5 corporate, helping these guys, you know, leave their 9-to-5s with e-com.
Our biggest clients that I've seen with the best success are people who have already tried and failed. So I'm just thinking if we were to, what do you think?
Should we shift towards more who our actual dream client is, or should we target more that 9-to-5 room? If that makes sense.
The beautiful thing about organics, you can do both.


@1:02:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But what I will say, if you're targeting someone that's already tried and failed, you have to sell a new opportunity.
You have to sell a new vehicle. You can't sell an improvement. So there's improvement versus new. New allows them to feel good about themselves and allows them to actually want to buy.
Because if I say, hey, you bought an iPhone, you bought an iPhone 16 and it blew up, or like it didn't work, you know, buy another iPhone 16.
No, no, no, like that doesn't work. But if I say, hey, I've changed this, this, this, this is why it's different from the iPhone 16, this is the iPhone 17.
It has a better battery, different materials. Different everything, different software. Now you're going to buy the iPhone 17 because it's new.
And so it makes you feel like it's easier to buy. So you need to come up with like, the reason why people are, dropshipping is still working is because people are coming up with like AI branded dropshipping.
You know, some, like, I don't know what they do over there. You know, they come up with like all these names and stuff.
I think it's the same , but it works on the marketing front. So you've got to understand like what is different about this solution compared to the previous solution that they've tried.
And how can you create some type of unique mechanism? Got you, bro.


@1:03:33 - Oisin
And when it comes to like, targeting two different ICBs, how are you going to go do so? Is it just simply with your, the way you're positioning your content?


@1:03:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Just try both. Like, don't stress about it. Try both. Do some talking about 9 to 5. Do some talking about, you know, the guys that have already tried it.
Maybe a mix of both would be good. Yeah, just have fun with it, bro. Like, don't, don't. Don't think too much and just start ripping, okay?
Got you, bro. Thanks. Awesome. Andrew, what's up, man?


@1:04:12 - Andrew Wilkes
Completely forgot. Do your thing. My bad.


@1:04:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All good? Okay. Yeah, I should have wrote it down.


@1:04:18 - Andrew Wilkes
I should have wrote it down. I was like, listening to him, I was like, that's a good point. And then as soon as you said my name, I was like, I forgot my point.
No worries, dude.


@1:04:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up, man? Yo, so quick question.


@1:04:29 - Jun Nam
So with the VA, when I make that transition over, because in the beginning, I told him about how, like, okay, if he books a call and I sign, then, you he gets commissioned.
Like, what would I do about that? Because he won't be now booking calls. Like, should I just tell him that, okay, you're not going to make commission now because I'm going to take over?
How should I go about it? Give him, like, fee of, like, each book call.


@1:04:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Each call that leads to a book. Each conversation that leads to a book call.


@1:04:56 - Jun Nam
Okay. So he's still incentivized.


@1:04:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You have to have an incentive. So it's like, oh, $50. incentive, understand dollars for every book haul, or a hundred dollars for every book haul, something like that, yeah.


@1:05:03 - Jun Nam
Okay, sounds good, sounds good, thank you.


@1:05:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool guys, that was good, that was good, I hope you guys got a bit of value from that. I will say, I'm going to, well it's not confirmed, but I'm most likely going to the US mid to late April, so for those people out there, in the west side of the world, let me know, we'll create a group chat, we'll do a, we'll do a link up, we'll do a meet up, it'll be really fun, and we'll, I'll bring, I'll bring these shoes, bro, I've been looking at these, the whole group call, I think these are like the best buy of, of 2026, I'm going to, I'm going to rock this, but, yeah, for the guys in the US, I'll see you guys soon, I'll let you guys know the dates when I, when I book the flights, and yeah, we'll run it, all right?
You know where?


@1:05:57 - nigeldaley
I'm going to cook you up, I'm going to sauce you up. Y'all don't understand, I'm going to kill you.


@1:06:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
have to, bro.


@1:06:03 - nigeldaley
I have to.


@1:06:04 - Andrew Wilkes
I'm going to kill you.


@1:06:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, if I get a clip, if I get a clip of me dunking on you, I get a one-on-one, I get a full one-on-one.
I get a one-on-one.


@1:06:11 - Andrew Wilkes
If I get a , if I get a tomahawk on you, bro, I get one-on-one. I get a lifetime consulting.


@1:06:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Lifetime in the circle. Perfect. coming.


@1:06:21 - Andrew Wilkes
All right, let's run it, guys.


@1:06:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's run it. I'll see you guys in a bit. Take care, guys. Peace. See ya. Thank you.


Thursday Mastermind - March 26
Thursday Mastermind - March 26


VIEW RECORDING - 69 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, I'm doing really well.


@0:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How about you? I'm all good. I'm all good. Good to be back on the calls, to be fair. This is one of my favorite parts of the week, to be fair.
I do enjoy these calls, but yeah, good to have everyone on. Joe, how you doing, bro?


@0:12 - Joe Dooley
Are good? I'm great, brother. We just hit 50k cash collected for my other business, so fired up, man. Been having a closing a couple of guys for my coaching offer.
phenomenal. Survived Nashville, so.


@0:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
What's happening in Nashville?


@0:29 - Joe Dooley
Huh?


@0:30 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
What's happening in Nashville?


@0:32 - Joe Dooley
That's where I was. don't remember last week.


@0:34 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I joined the calls in the car. Yeah.


@0:36 - Joe Dooley
Yeah, there was an event there. Crazy story. I had this dude. So, was like, for those of you, I run a wallpaper installation company.
That's like my main thing. And that's how I, like, what I coach people on. And there's this guy there who came to this event.
There's an organization I belong to that do an event twice a year. And this, I go there. I know a bunch of people there.
And everybody's like, I had like three people specifically come up to me like, yo, there is somebody here because they see.
They, They saw your videos and they just flew out here from Dallas, Texas to like be here and like meet you.
was like, holy . I had no idea this guy was. And I closed him in person.


@1:08 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So it was impressive.


@1:11 - Joe Dooley
Yeah, man, it was dope. And then Nashville's just, it's just crazy.


@1:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
A lot of drink in there. So, but yeah, it was good.


@1:18 - Joe Dooley
We're running it up, bro.


@1:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Well, I have to pull up to Nashville. I mean, I'm headed to New York in literally two weeks. No one week, actually.
So how long are there for? Well, to be fair, I'm only meant to be there for a week, but pretty much my auntie lives there.
So I've got like free accommodation. I think Suway said he might come out to America next month.


@1:38 - Joe Dooley
I'm not that far from New York, bro.


@1:40 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I might have to pull up on you. Bro, think because Suway should be coming out as well. So I might have to get into August.


@1:45 - Joe Dooley
on you guys.


@1:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Anyone else here near New York? I don't know. I don't know my bearings in America to be fair.


@1:52 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I'm in Birmingham. It's nowhere near New York.


@1:54 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
All right. You're a bit far off, Ned. I don't think we'll do a client trip to Birmingham either. But probably a bit of a chance.


@2:00 - nedsainsbury-plaice
You definitely don't want to do that, unless you want to stab anyone in here.


@2:04 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nah, that's all London, bro. You need to put up to London, to be fair.


@2:07 - nedsainsbury-plaice
We're always here, so. Yeah, I should actually.


@2:11 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick.


@2:12 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I believe we've got a couple new faces as well.


@2:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Emma, how are you?


@2:17 - Emma Lavri
Hi, nice to meet you. Really well.


@2:19 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Really excited. First call with you. Yeah, for sure. We're booking a one-on-one at some point soon as well, when the time is right and we can dial it in personally.
But yeah, for any of the new people here, pretty much every Thursday we rip the content calls, where usually a topic we go over, sometimes Q&A calls, content reviews, and then, yeah.
mean, for today we're going to be going over how to double down on your best performers, so should be good.
Looking forward to it, but I'll let some more people join before we jump into it. These calls are stacking up.
When I first started doing these calls, you get maybe 20 people to push, but you're pushing numbers, to be fair.


@2:56 - Joe Dooley
Well, you've been throwing out hella value.


@2:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nice to write. Well, I dropped that. The source, so some weeks better than others, but yeah. Mark, how you doing, bro?


@3:07 - mark siles
I'm good, bro. How are you?


@3:08 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good, bro. Good to have you.


@3:10 - mark siles
It's been a minute. Yes, sir, bro. Yes, sir.


@3:12 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm here. For sure. For sure. Moussari, how you doing, bro?


@3:16 - Moussari
I'm good. I'm good, man.


@3:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How are you keeping? I'm all good. How's things?


@3:20 - Moussari
How's the business going? Amazing. Amazing. Just making, just recorded seven videos, man.


@3:25 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Bro, I love that. Chris dialed.


@3:27 - Moussari
Yeah, I'm going to dial in a YouTube video after this one as well.


@3:30 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love to see it. Love to see it. Nigel, bro. How you doing?


@3:35 - nigeldaley
Chillin', bro. How you living?


@3:36 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good.


@3:37 - nigeldaley
I'm all good. Where at right now?


@3:38 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm in London. I'm literally in WeWork. I'm with two ways upstairs, to be fair, but I had to find a meeting room to take the call, so.


@3:44 - nigeldaley
Oh, fire.


@3:46 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Where are you based, Nigel? I know it's America.


@3:48 - nigeldaley
I'm in Toronto, Canada.


@3:50 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, . I thought you were, because I knew you were in Miami the other month.


@3:54 - nigeldaley
Yeah, I was in Miami, but I was just going for Josh's mastermind.


@3:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah.


@4:00 - nigeldaley
Um, are you going to go to Miami with, Sui goes?


@4:02 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Uh, I don't know. I'm going be in New York and I guess I'll see where the month takes me to be fair, but I'm going to try to stay in New York for as long as possible because I love that place.


@4:11 - nigeldaley
Yeah. New York is nice.


@4:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. To be fair, not many people say that. Everyone seems like, I don't know, it's like people who live in London.
Everyone who lives in London hates on London.


@4:20 - nigeldaley
Yeah.


@4:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, but.


@4:22 - nigeldaley
I like New York. I feel like it was a lot of creative people there. It's about how you, um, I feel like what you go there to do as well.


@4:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. know, there's some interesting, interesting people there to be fair.


@4:32 - nigeldaley
Yeah.


@4:34 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick. Who else we got? Maeva, how you doing?


@4:37 - maeva
I'm good, Aiden.


@4:38 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How are you? I'm all good. I'm all good. Good to have you on again. You've been dropping thoughts in the, in the chats I've seen.


@4:44 - maeva
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Love to see it. Yeah. I've got a, a bunch of ideas for, for next week and a lot of questions as well that I'm probably going to ask you like on this call.


@4:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick. Okay. Looking forward to it. then Alan, I believe you're, you're a new face as well.


@5:00 - Allen Speigner
How are you doing, brother? Hey, Sam, I'm doing well. We're to book our one-on-one soon.


@5:04 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure, bro. Let's lock it in. Introduce yourself. Let know a little, let me know a bit about you.


@5:09 - Allen Speigner
Yeah, man. So I've done, I've done social media full-time for a couple of years now. I do like food, high protein videos, stuff like that.
I'm at 400 something thousand followers. I've been doing that full-time for a while and started off with coaching at the end of last year just because I wanted to stop relying on brand deals and everything like that.
So, it's all right, man.


@5:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it. Okay, I see. I'm looking forward to our one-on-one. We'll dial everything in. Emma as well, looking forward to that too.
So, she'll be good. Let's run it up. I'll give it another couple minutes and then we'll jump into things.
Kevin, how you doing, bro? I was literally speaking to you yesterday, to be fair, sir.


@5:46 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, I know. We were chatting with some B-roll stuff. We're doing good, man. Doing good.


@5:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How are you? I'm all good. Looking forward to the call.


@5:52 - Kevin Walton
Looking forward to the call. excited.


@5:53 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Guys, if you ever need to talk about Cinematics, bro, you've got to hit up Kevin. Guys, give me a little overview of his B-roll shot.
Lots and everything yesterday, it's getting techy with it, so.


@6:02 - Kevin Walton
I mean, people look pretty online with the camera, so yeah.


@6:05 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure.


@6:05 - Kevin Walton
I mean, I need help.


@6:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it. Yestyn, how you doing, bro? Where you at?


@6:11 - Iestyn Krauze
I'm good, bro. How are you? I'm at a hotel today, a different place.


@6:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That's it. Have you still got your Airbnb, or? Yeah, I still got that, yeah. When are you moving from this spot?


@6:20 - Iestyn Krauze
Bro, I'm just looking at flights from here to New York now, it's like...


@6:23 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Bro, pull up to New York.


@6:24 - Iestyn Krauze
Maybe I can meet you up. We'll dig to that.


@6:26 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Pull up to New York. Hey, you lot gotta sort your accommodation, though. I'm staying with my auntie.


@6:30 - Iestyn Krauze
I'm getting my free accommodation.


@6:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Otherwise, my trip would be triple the price. Ajani, how you doing, bro? Yo, you're not too far from New York, I swear.


@6:41 - Ajani Burgess
I'm in New York.


@6:42 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm in Manhattan. Oh, . yeah. Okay.


@6:44 - Ajani Burgess
I'm doing well, man. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I'm doing good, man. Feeling good. Actually, a little under the weather, but getting out of it, so overall good.


@6:53 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it, bro. All right, get well soon. But yeah, I'll see you in New York, to be fair. I'm gonna get a few ways to organize this.
It's looking good, but yeah, I'm a jump in, I'll get everything started. So today's cool, obviously we'll run it, got a little presentation, go through this, then we'll open the floor to like Q&A as per usual, but effectively today what I want to go through is how to double down on your best performing videos.
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
Now, obviously we ran like a lot of content format calls. You guys have, I a lot of you guys had like crazy transformations in terms of the content side of your business.
We've gone from, you know, stuck in like 1,000 view gel, it's like 3, 5x-ing the average views you get per video.
So now it's a case of, okay, we've had some outliers, you know, we found what works for us. How do we actually double down on our best performers and, you know, generate new ideas that are proven to work and are going to get us predictable results.
So this is literally the exact framework we use to 5x our growth from 20K followers, which is actually when I joined Sueway's team, literally just over a year ago, to 100K followers.
if you've been sort of looking at a page recently, we've seen we've grown quite a bit. But literally in under a year, 100% organically, still not really cracked ads yet, but yeah, we've done the hard part, we've cracked organic.
So that's what we're going to be covering today. We're going to make sure that, you know, you guys can actually generate predictable results from organic.
Now, the reason most people prefer to do paid ads and kind of steer in that direction is because there's this misconception that with organic, you know, kind of just throwing stuff out there and hoping it hits the algorithm.
But this is going to break down, you know, an actual structure, an actual framework. So we're able to get predictable results from organic, and we can make sure we're being super intentional with our content.
So first thing I want to cover now, if you've had a one on one with me, we've probably already covered this, this might apply mainly to the new people, but we're going to go through the tracking systems and the metrics you guys should actually be looking at.
So we make sure, you know, when we're actually collecting data, we can be intentional, and we know what content to double down on, we know kind of what classifies as an outlier.
So we've got two main trackers, we've got the growth tracker and the ICP tracker, I'll run for each one.
And then also... So through some other metrics we can look at. But firstly, the growth track is basically where we rank our outlier videos based on the vanity metrics.
So the views and the likes. Now, typically, you could probably look through your page and tell me what your outliers are.
Like, we see, OK, this video performed a lot better than this video. This video did better than that video.
But the main idea is getting it down in one place because I want you guys to be able to look at two things.
What's the actual topic of the video? So, you know, what's the video about? And what's the actual format? So if we look at Sueway's growth tracker, which we're going to update in a couple of days as well, because we've had quite a few outliers recently.
You can see a lot of videos that perform really well for him are videos to his family, videos to sell school videos, videos about him being a uni student.
Further down, we've got videos about him being Asian and stuff like that. So those are all videos that perform really well.
They've been outliers for us. Typically, this tends to be more of the top of funnel videos. But now we know, OK, these are the topics that work well in our content.
This is how we can attract our dream follower. So, um... ... And also still attracted ICP with our content.
And the second thing I like to look at is, you know, what format was the video? So firstly, you know, a lot of the time reaction videos work well for Suway.
A lot of you probably came from videos where, you he reacted or his parents reacted to how much he's made.
Might forget to rip another one of those sometime soon, because obviously we've hit a record month this month, but those videos always bang.
So reaction videos work really well. The sales call videos, they're like a goldmine for us. They generate us a lot of views, gets a lot of new eyeballs to the page.
And are also really good for generating ICP followers. Then we also got like the scripted content. So now we know, okay, these are topics that work well.
These are formats that work well. And we kind of mix and match, right? We understand, you know, these topics work well.
Let's pair it with a format, run that as a video. But obviously we'll break down in a bit more detail how we actually go about executing that.
So in terms of what actually defines an outlier, when you're looking at your page, the videos you want to look for to determine them as an outlier are videos which perform at least three to five times better.
Then your average content. So don't necessarily look at other pages when you're looking for outliers, maybe look for outliers on their page, but when you're looking at your page, you should always think in context, you know, what are the average views I get on my account?
And then you can compare that to your existing video. So if we look at some of the content we post on Sueway's account, you know, recently, we've got some more middle of funnel pieces here.
I think, I can't remember which video this is in particular, but we can effectively see that these are very clear outlines, you know, these, we average around 20%.
30k views a video, these obviously skyrocketed, this one's, you know, growing every day, we posted this quite recently, when we hit 100k in a day.
This one's only at 200k views, this one 170k views, both from the last 30 days. Now, this is, it doesn't necessarily need to be this dramatic of a difference.
It could be, you know, let's say our average views are 20k, could be a video that got 60k views, or, you know, a video got 80k, 100k views, anything where there's minimum 3 to 5x outlier, but obviously, the bigger the outlier, the better.
You know clearly the better it performs but that's like the first main tracker as I said this will typically be more for your top funnel content so content where you're trying to drive as many eyeballs to your page as possible but then moving on to our ICP tracker now a lot of the time this is linked back to our middle funnel content so we're actually trying to nurture these people and convert them from viewers into kind of viewers as prospects so this basically tracks all of our videos which generate the most ICP followers and this means that we can create a predictable lead flow because we can see you know this video generates ICP followers less double down on this type of video right if we double down on this then we're going to get predictable ICP followers and that means the DM is really warm we can kind of help the setter out and that works really well so this is a screenshot from January time February time I mean you know as kind of dips and increases at certain points sometimes we average like five ICP a day sometimes we can average like eight ICP followers a day which is really good sometimes it might only be like two or three but to get a better we're going than
Regardless, at the end of the day, you guys pretty know Nick by now, who's our setter, he comes in, fills up the ICP tracker, he has a lot of details about, you know, the conversation stage, follower range, lead quality, etc.
I'm not really too fussed about that as the content guy, main thing I'm looking at is which reel did it come from, because if you're looking through the notifications, you'll be able to see, okay, this guy started following from this reel, etc.
But this basically allows us to see which piece of content is bringing us in the most ICP followers, and double down on that as a result.
And one question I always get asked when I share these trackers is, you know, how frequently should I be filling these out?
So, as I said, for the ICP tracker, your appointment set should fill that out at the end of the day, or at the start of every new day.
And this makes sure, you know, it's really up to date, you're getting live info. And then the growth tracker, I'd recommend getting filled out at the end of every month.
So, you know, you've given your time, you've given posts time to pick up views, to gain some momentum, and you've kind of got a good idea of, you know, is this actually going to perform well for us?
Is this performing well for us? Has it performed well for us? Or, you know, is it just kind of...
But that's like the frequency in which you should aim to track the top funnel content, the middle of funnel content as well.
Now, in terms of like the metrics and the importance of certain metrics, this is something that's also very important because a lot of people are always focused on, you know, the likes, the views, because that's kind of the easiest thing to see.
But if you really want to take it a step further and you want to get, you know, very analytical with what content you're posting and really find ways you can make improvements or tweaks and understand why a piece of content works, then there's some other metrics you can look at which I've ordered in order priorities.
So, well, we'll go through the first three most important ones. Now, three most important ones are watch time and retention.
So, this is obviously how long a viewer actually stays watching the video. You know, do they drop off at the start?
they drop off at the end? And you'll basically be able to see a graph in your analytics of, you know, a lot of the time it looks like this because typically the hook's not good enough or, you know, there's not been enough of a pattern interrupt to get people to stay watching.
But obviously the higher the potential percentage the better. Second things like saves so typically if you're posting a lot of value content maybe you're giving away like a step-by-step framework might be more of a middle of funnel piece of content you're going to see a lot of saves now this is really important because it shows that people actually want to come back to this video it shows that the value provided is actually high quality and it gives people a reason to you know return to your account as a result if your videos are getting more saves they're going to get pushed out more because the whole goal of Instagram and the algorithm is to keep people on the platform um for as long as possible so this is clearly you know a site a sign that you're keeping people on the platform you're keeping them engaged and another thing which ties into that is shares so you know your audience is distributing your content for you as I said again you're keeping people on the platform keeping them scrolling keeping them engaging with content other things to look at like profile visits so you know is your content actually driving awareness is it funneling people from your video onto your actual profile right because once again you know keeping people
On platform, they're actually going to show interest in your other content. Anyone that signals to Instagram that, you know, this piece of content is very interesting.
Let me check out the other posts as well. And then on top of that, we've got like follows from a post.
So, you know, similar to your profile visits, but how many people you actually converted from that piece of content.
And then finally, you've got like comments and likes. But main things I want you guys to look at and pay attention to in your videos is the watch time retention.
So is your hook actually engaging? Are you actually giving people a reason to watch to the end? Things like the saves.
So are you actually providing enough value? Is there a strong payoff in your video? You know, is there a reason for people to actually refer back to it?
And then also the shares. So is your content shareable? Now, typically, content is a bit more controversial or, you know, where you're sharing like a contrarian belief or take on the industry.
Videos like that are going to get shared more because they spark a bit more interest. But that's like an overview of the tracking side of things.
Now, next thing I want to break down is the diagnosis framework. So how we actually break the... Breakdown, like, why a video performed well.
Before we jump into that, any questions on the tracking side of things for now? We'll be all good.


@17:11 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Do we have these trackers in the Notion?


@17:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, you should have these in the Notion. If you don't, I'll get them added for you, but yeah, you should have them in your personal dashboard.


@17:20 - nedsainsbury-plaice
This is super useful.


@17:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thanks, man. Got you, bro. Andrew, what's up?


@17:27 - Andrew Wilkes
You usually share the slideshows.


@17:29 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Are you going be sharing this one? Yeah, I got you, bro.


@17:31 - Andrew Wilkes
Don't worry. I it.


@17:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. I believe we've got someone, I don't know, is it Lou? I don't know if that's your full name, but yeah, if you want to introduce yourself, I know you joined midway through, but I'm pretty sure you're new around here.


@17:43 - lu
Yeah. Hi. Nice to meet you, everyone. Well, I came yesterday to the call, but I didn't meet you. So, hi.


@17:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thank you. Introduce yourself. Let people know a bit about who you are, what you do.


@17:53 - lu
Um, so I run a business, I have female entrepreneur community, and I help. I them scale through content, similar to my friend, shout out Emma, came through her, she recommended me, and yeah, I live in Barcelona.


@18:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it, okay we're gonna have to do a retreat to Barcelona, you guys got us hitting like all the countries in Europe to be fair, Europe and America, but good to have you here.
It's also good to see we're getting more like a female community as well, because I think before like Maeva, Maeva I think you were first like, correct me if I'm wrong, the first woman in here.
I think it used to just be men the whole time, so good to see you.


@18:34 - maeva
I think I joined the same time as Kennedy, but yeah, I felt, I felt pretty lonely.


@18:38 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
You guys have got friends now, I want to see you guys in the lounge.


@18:40 - maeva
Yeah.


@18:42 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
They're gonna be plotting, but good to have you here, good to have you here. We're booking a one-on-one at some point as well soon, and then we'll dial everything in, but yeah, we'll run through the diagnosis framework now.
So this is basically how we're gonna break down, you know, why did a video actually perform well. So once you've actually identified your outlier, breaking down step by step, you know, why does this actually perform well.
And now we can carry this over into, you know, your new version of that video. So when we're actually recreating the video, there's certain components we want to keep the same.
And this is kind of where we decide what we're going to keep the same, what we're going to change to ensure that we've got like all of the viral parts of the framework.
So there's five main parts we want to look at. First one's the hook. Now we've been through hooks quite a few times before.
And this is basically, you know, what was the first one to three seconds of the video? Was it a strong enough pattern interrupt?
Did it actually stop people in their scroll? And what type of hook was this? Was it a text hook?
Was it a verbal hook? So like spoken by, you know, whoever's actually filmed the video? Or was like a visual hook?
So maybe a pop up, maybe an icon, maybe like the text. Yeah, first thing you want to look at is what was the actual hook of the video.
Now, this is also shouldn't be under look. This is probably one of the most important parts that you should aim to keep the same or be very careful of because switching this will be the biggest determiner between if your video performs as well, or if it doesn't perform as well, because hooks are literally the reason people stay.
And as you watch the video. Um, as we went through here on the metrics, if you're staying and watching a video, it's going to get pushed out more.
So we want to maximize, um, how much of people watch. Andrew, go for it.


@20:11 - Andrew Wilkes
When you talk about like text hooks, what would be like spoken hooks and visual hooks? They make decent sense to me, but for like text hooks, I feel like sometimes I'm just putting something on the screen to put something on the screen.
Um, what would you recommend as far as it goes for like text hooks, especially on like talking videos, not so much on the viral videos, but like when it comes to like, you know what saying?


@20:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure.


@20:32 - maeva
I can answer that, um, after aidan.


@20:35 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure. So like things like this, for example, POV, you wake up to your client making 154k a month.
That's what we classed by more as a text hook. I believe we did some, actually, you know, yeah, being Asian's cheat code.
So a text hook here, Sue is obviously doing the spoken hook. We don't necessarily have a visual hook here.
You could argue that the way he's filmed the video, like the actual format itself, um, was the visual hook because it's a bit of a pass and interrupt, obviously like a raw iPhone video.
So, it's going to stand out in people's feed. But I'd say like a visual hook is more like, for example, you see here, we've got something pop up in the screen.
Or sometimes people might use props to make it a bit more engaging. But Maeve, if you want to add to that as well.


@21:14 - maeva
Yeah, I mean, if you go on my account, the two videos that I have pinned up, they both have a text hook that worked really, really well.
The first one was about how I called my mom after having a 7k day at 17. And the reason people stayed is because they saw the text hook before I even told her I made that amount, right?
And then you see 7k, 17. It's like, you know, it doesn't really make sense.


@21:38 - Andrew Wilkes
So, it's kind of like foreshadowing.


@21:41 - maeva
Yeah, foreshadowing, exactly. And then they want to see the reaction and everything. And the second one, they see two things, 20 years old, 224k a month.
And then they're like, what the hell, they keep watching. And then the visual hook in this was me saying, I just invested 12,000.
visual hook was... It's just the pop of the payment, exactly, so people were like, no, there's no way you did that, and then they see that as a visual hook, and they see that it was real, and they're like, oh, so yeah, just, it's awesome.


@22:09 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
thing to even add to that as well, like, the reason your video also performed so well is because it's actually a payoff.
As you said, you kind of feud your pace and foreshadow what's going to happen in the video, but the important thing is you make sure that, you know, what you say is going to happen happens, and there's, like, actually a dopamine here, there's actually a payoff at the end of the video.
People feel like it was worth watching, because if you make people wait to the end of the video, and they're like, that wasn't really worth my time, that wasn't really what I was promised, that's when, you know, they're not going to engage, they're going to kind of click off, and that's where it's, you know, literally going to piss them off, so it won't perform as well, but, Andrew, I hope that answers your question.


@22:43 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, okay, appreciate you, thank you.


@22:46 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Cool, so next one is the angle, so what was the specific perspective or POV? Now, as we said, was it, like, So was it, you know, going against the grain, maybe challenging?
A common industry belief, or, like, standard? Was it aspirational? So for example, Maeve's video here, where, you know, 17, having a 7k day, no one's really heard of that.
So people are going to aspire to be like Maeve, people are going to, you know, resonate with that dream outcome.
And that's going to relate to what they actually want and hitting their goals. Or similar to, you know, how we mentioned 20k a month, a 20 year old entrepreneur making 224k a month.
We can now up there to like 350, 400, guys going crazy this month. But is it like aspirational? Is it something people actually want?
Or is it relatable? So maybe you're speaking to a specific group of people. For example, Sue, we're going to jump in, we're to break down a video we did with Sue a bit later about, or the being Asian's a cheat code one, we just looked at.
So we're relating to a specific group of people. And once again, you know, is it targeting a specific group?
So who are actually calling out within your videos? There's some form of direct address. That's the kind of angle.
So it's more like the perspective you're trying to take on the video. One thing I will note, and one thing you guys should be aware of.
Negative videos. Always perform a lot better so that could be something with a controversial hook or just anything which is like more negatively toned those typically seem to perform a lot better compared to other videos don't know why but that's social media for you so there you go um and then the format of the video so everyone kind of knows this by now we've done hella format course but how's the video and how's like the value actually delivered or how's the message delivered you know was it talking head was it b-roll montage um sometimes we can even split talking heads up even more into like scripted talking heads or you know the raw talk iphone videos so how was the value or message actually delivered now the key thing with the format is understanding the differences between each format and the actual intention behind each format for example a raw talk iphone video where you literally film on your iphone um very casual that's going to feel a bit more authentic a bit more casual maybe a bit more like you know you're kind of revealing behind the curtains you're being a bit more open with your audience so videos are more emotional might perform better in that style um whereas videos where you're trying to provide more value you're
If you're a more professional and set up, that's where typically a talking head, a scripted video would work a lot better.
So really understanding that and being mindful of that when you're approaching which format to pick is super important as well.
Then like the emotional trigger. So this is also very important. As we said with Mavis content, you know, is there actually a payoff?
Do people get what they expect from that video? So what feeling did it actually create? Did it create a feeling of hope, fear, validation, curiosity, maybe FOMO?
When we do like the mastermind videos, for example, they always perform well because people have FOMO. They see like how fun it is, how people are making money, how much value is being dropped.
So as a result, they get a lot of FOMO and this causes them to engage with the video. It's also a good selling point for us as well because it means everyone's going to want to pull up next time.
And then finally, like the topic. So what subject did it actually cover? Now, obviously, this is kind of like the main thing the script is going to go over.
This is the whole messaging, maybe the value behind the video. You know, maybe it links back to a pain point, a desired outcome, challenges a belief.
But yeah. What's kind of the topic of the video? What are really covering there? But that's like an overview of how we're going to diagnose each video.
Now I'm going to run through basically the iteration framework. So what are the things we actually go ahead and change with each video to make that second version?
How important each one is, how we do it. Before we jump into that, any questions on, you the diagnosis process and what that looks like?


@26:26 - Kennedy Davis
I was just going to ask for the hook. Like when we look at the retention graph at three seconds, what should be the percentage?
Like above 50 or around 50?


@26:37 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I wouldn't say it's like a set percentage, but like the way I want you to look at it is, you know, how steep is that graph?
If it drops straight down, that's when it's a bit of a concern, you know, the hook should be better.
But if it goes like, you know, it comes across a bit, it's a bit slower, it's a more gradual.
That's when it's going to be a lot stronger. I've got a Miro board somewhere. Maybe I'll let you jump in, but let me pull up this Miro board as well.
But maybe I'll let I was going to say there's like a, I think you might show it on like your Miro board, but there's a graph that shows like different retention graphs and what, yeah, exactly, yeah, exactly, that's what I mean, yeah, I was like looking for my Miro's earlier, I like, I've not been including, but yeah, like a bad hook would look something like this, where there's just a massive drop-off, maybe it falls to like 25%, here you can see like the strong, like there's a lot more of a stronger graph, this is like a very good video, right, apart from like the CTA, there's a big drop-off there, but obviously you can see, you it's very gradual, there's very high retention, like we're at above 50%, 60% till the end of the video, a bad video is like, you know, we've got the hook part right, that's pretty dialed in, but then we get to like the value, and like the build-up, and people are losing interest, or maybe, as we said, we're not really, you know, hitting the expectations that they had for the video, so they're kind of disappointed, that's when they scroll, but they're a good video, I mean, if you're doing this, then you're doing it right, because that's maintaining 50% of people.
That means you've got a good hook, you know, the value you're providing is good, you're giving people a reason to stay, and it also means, you if you have a CTA at the end, then people actually feel validated and they actually want something from you, but also taking a look at this, like, as we mentioned, the first three seconds are the most important part of the video, because if there's an instant drop-off, hook wasn't interesting enough for CTAs, I will probably cover this a bit later as well, but make sure you guys actually deliver value before asking the audience for something in return.
Now, I've been on a couple of one-on-one calls, and it's like, why am not really getting many inbounds from my CTAs, why are not hitting us hard?
It's because, one, you're not delivering enough value, like, you come across a bit too salesy, because, you you're not, you should always give before you ask, especially, like, from your audience, so making sure you're actually delivering enough value to actually qualify you to ask for something is super important.
Then, on top of that, looking at the frequency of how often you do CTAs, I think we covered this on last week's call, but making sure you're not doing them, like, you're not overdoing them, limiting them to maybe two to three videos a
Weak, at most, and like maybe once, once on the stories a week, but making sure that when you do choose to use a CTA, you're very specific with the video you choose to use it on, you know, you're using on a video where you're providing a ton of value, you're actually giving people a reason to comment, and they basically want that freebie, or that lead magnet, or they want your help, because you've given them so much, so you basically leave them hungry for more, but yeah, Kennedy, this should help, I'll send over this Mario board as well, and I'll add this to the slides, and then that should be good.


@29:28 - Kennedy Davis
Perfect, appreciate that.


@29:29 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thank you. Anyone else before we move on to the iteration framework, are we all good?


@29:36 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, just go for it.


@29:40 - Allen Speigner
Sorry, one thing I wanted to say about tracking the insights is like you can do it on the Instagram app, and there's a couple insights there that are decent, but if you download the Instagram edits app, like I don't use it to edit at all, I have some of the edits, but if you download the Instagram edits app, there's so much more detail of.
Yeah. What happens in your video? there's all of these analytics that talk about different watch time, skip rate, like rate, share rate, comment rate, repost rate, followers, and it tells you whether it's below your average, above your average, and everything like that.
And it has the retention graph. So it's a lot easier to see good analytics on that instead of just in the Insights Instagram.
And I don't know why it's not in the Insights Instagram, but yeah.


@30:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay. See, I didn't even know that, to be fair. So you learn something new every day. But this is why I like these calls.
Like, obviously, Alan, you're new here, but every week, we literally get people jump in and drop new games. So I appreciate that, bro.
Good insights. And then Ned, what was that from your side?


@30:44 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah. Oh, I don't know why my camera's on. Yeah. So just the other two on slide 13, if you go back over them.
Yeah. So the emotional trigger, like, how do you know that you feel like you've got the emotional trigger? Like, right.
If that makes sense.


@31:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. So it's more like the payoff of the video. So for example, as we said, if you're delivering a value video, for example, are you making people curious?
Are you making them hungry for more? Let's say, as I said, we're going to cover a video in a second, being Asian is a cheat code.
If we're calling out a specific group of people, are we making it relatable? Are we linking it back to people's current situation?
Are we linking it back to our dream outcome? Do we actually understand our audience, our ICP? And do they resonate with the content we're posting?
FOMO, for example, you know, let's say we run a mastermind event, right? Or let's say you're traveling, and you're showing where you're staying, who you're with, people are going to get FOMO, they're going to also want that community of people, they're going to want access to be able to travel the world, kind of links back to the dream outcome.
Similarly, with like hope, maybe, you know, we're doing like a storytelling video, we're talking about how, you two years ago I was in this position, now I'm in this position.
So you're creating a sense of hope with people. But there's not like one set emotional trigger. It's basically multiple of these could come up in one video.
But it's more just a case of, you know, what's the actual intention behind the video? And do people feel like they're getting some form of payoff, if that answers your question?


@32:08 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah. Okay. So like when you're going through the hook, the angle, the format, the emotional trigger and the topic and stuff, would you look at like improving one part at the top?
Like my organic, man, like needs a lot of improvement.


@32:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah.


@32:20 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Would you look at like one part at a time, like first focusing on the hook, for example, and then, and then going, once you improve the hook, looking at how you can do the angle different, or like, how would you go about that?
Because like improving all of these things in one time is going to be a challenge, if that makes sense.


@32:37 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. I mean, this is obviously more for like outliers of your videos. So not necessarily like improving it, but more how can we create a variation of a video that's already performed well in order to generate like a good result.
But I'll run through like how, that's kind of what I was going to get onto now, like how we actually look at these things and create iterations of it.


@32:55 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Okay.


@32:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So, but yeah, now I'll run through like the iteration frame. So, obviously, we've now identified an outlier, we've kind of broken down, we've diagnosed it, you know, why it performed well, based on those five elements, and now the aim is to, you know, how do we keep the main features that made the video perform well, whilst switching out others, so it isn't an exact copy, however, it's still got enough of the features that made it perform well, for it to perform well again, and that's kind of, this is typically where most people mess up, because they'll recreate the video, but it just won't really hit the same.
Now, don't get me wrong, you're not gonna go viral every time you recreate the same video, but, you're massively increasing your chances if you know what elements to keep the same, I'll run through, um, on this Miro, this is like one of the first calls I did back in December, when I started doing the group calls, but, this is one of my clients, a guy called Gunter, um, I don't work with him anymore, but, he's a big trader, like, in the UK space, he's got like 150k on Instagram, but in the space of a month, we basically recreate the same reel every time, video one got 445, 5k views, video two got 1.1 million views, video three, 500k
Now this was, I think we posted like, this was across three months actually, we posted it once, you know, a month on, so we left like a month between each one, all we did, you can see here, I'll have a Lamborghini one day, literally kept the same back, we had that like backdrop, we had that text, made a small adjustment to this, we took like, had like a slightly different picture, same sort of picture, but we just adjusted, I'll drive a Bugatti one day, and then even this one, we literally made like kind of the same, I think the second piece of b-roll we used in the hook, which was like two seconds on, we changed slightly, all of these were like three videos, exact same concepts, exact same format, just small tweaks, and they all generated the same results, and I think in my first month working with him, we did like 30 million views, and 30k followers in 30 days, and went on to like 350k that month as well, he was running like ads and stuff, but that's kind of proof of concept, that we're going to run into, we'll break down this video as well.
But yeah, so the it's Now there's kind of three steps to this we're going to be focusing on the main three which is the hook the angle and the format so in terms of the hook we're kind of looking to see how we can keep the same topic the same format but have a new hook so the video kind of feels different but you're still delivering the same information in the same format that made it perform well in in the first place now this is technically like the lowest risk high speed iteration because you already know that the topic resonates with people you know you already know that the format works well on your page you already kind of know how to deliver it it's basically just testing a new entry point so it's kind of the lowest risk high speed I would actually argue it's actually kind of risky because as I said at the start the hook's probably the most important part that's kind of the make or break with the video but effectively it's a case of how do you actually change the hook you know is it do you go for like a bold claim maybe transition into a question maybe it's like a story opener etc so for example bold claim could be where you're going for a more controversial approach a direct question could be you know want to do it
If you're X age and you're not making X amount, kind of what are you doing, which is what we're going to look at shortly, but effectively looking at how you can switch out the hook while still keeping the same format, same topic, same messaging throughout the video.
Next thing is the angle of the video. So obviously, there's like five main angles you want to take, and this is mainly like the body of the video, so how you kind of script it, how you deliver the value or the message.
So are we taking a more controversial approach? Are we challenging, you know, the conventional ideology, the conventional value that you find within your niche, within your industry?
For you fitness coaches, for example, it might be, you know, I mean, we're going to reactions down here as well, but it might be looking at someone's back day workout and just tearing it to shreds and saying, you shouldn't be doing this, this is wrong, etc.
So going against the grain and typical like beliefs. Case studies, so proving the concept for a real result. So obviously you guys probably have a lot of client results you can show in your content.
Instead of delivering value in just a random, a standard kind of talking head script, how do we actually showcase it while linking it back to an outcome and linking it back to a result our clients got?
Step-by-step breakdown. Now, this is kind of the most common one for talking heads in particular. So are we kind of breaking down step-by-step, you know, this is how we do X, maybe linking it back to an outcome.
Reaction videos, as we said, like the fitness coaches, you know, looking at what someone else is doing, reacting to a common belief, mistake, industry trend.
Typically, this will also link back into being quite controversial. And reaction videos and controversial videos always perform better because, you know, people, everyone has like an ego.
Everyone wants to comment, get involved, give their point of view. So those will actually perform really well. And then like storytelling.
So using your own journey and then link it back to a message. For example, we've done videos before where Sue talks about how, you his family used to fly business class and leave him and his siblings in economy.
And then he links it back to a message and a principle. That's kind of like the different iterations you make of the angle.
you. Thank you. you.


@38:01 - Andrew Wilkes
So when it comes to the personal story angle, um, I personally love that one. Like that's like my favorite kind of way to rip, but what I find difficult.
So if you could maybe show like an example for us, um, how to tie like the personal story into an actual like value post.
That's not just like mindset driven. You know what mean? It's hard to like tie for me, at least it's hard to tie like the, the personal story into the effect of here's the value.


@38:29 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Let me, um, let me find one off the call for you.


@38:32 - Andrew Wilkes
I haven't got one off the top of my head, but I just find it hard to not make it like motivational with a personal story.
I find it always goes into a motivational kind of not value.


@38:43 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
they do end up being more like belief shifting and more about like insights, my personal beliefs and values, but you can still like find a way to transition it into, um, step-by-step breakdown.
So it could be like, maybe you're telling a story about how you went to a mastermind, you paid X amount to go there.
And then you're transitioning to, you know, these are. Top three lessons I learned. So that's like one example you could take for me.
So it's still telling a story. You can still link, you know, this is how much I pay to be there, surrounded by seven-figure entrepreneurs.
I feel like Maver did this video as well. Then transition is like three lessons you learn. So you're still like taking a story and then link it back to value.


@39:17 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay. So with that being said quickly, just like you said, like negative works better, right? So would it be kind of like taking like a negative lesson that you had and how you like improve from it to like help your business?
Do you think like I lost 500k last month because I didn't do this one thing and then just go bang or something like that?


@39:39 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
you can tell. So you could use that as book, then you give a bit more context and then you can actually go into the value.
So people are going to have that big expectation. As we said, we set an expectation and then you kind of lead up to the value, you build up to it.
And then that's like the payoff and that's what's going to be the make or break for that video. Or you could be like, I paid 20k for this mastermind.
Talk about how it's . A of a story time, and then give some value. I feel like you'll be good at this as well.


@40:04 - Andrew Wilkes
You can make it like hella controversial. Yeah. All right. Love you, Aidan. Thank you. That's what I needed. Appreciate it.


@40:10 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Let me let some more guys in. Mark, good to have you here, bro. But yeah, the third one we'll go for is like format iteration.
So this basically determines how you choose to visit your message. You guys know this by now. Very straightforward. The one we're going to go for in a second, like we'll talk iPhone video versus blackboard or talk head video.
Maybe it's a reaction video. Maybe it's a tier list video, ranking video, whatever. It might be, you know, what's the actual format.
Now, as we said at the start, be mindful of which format you choose and how that links back to messaging.
So we said, you know, if it's like a raw talk iPhone video, it's going be a bit more intimate.
You're going to be like pulling back the curtains, maybe feel a bit more authentic. Whereas like a sit down talking head video scripted, it's going to be a bit more formal, a bit more professional, going to be more like value focused.
So be really mindful of that when you select what formats you use and what's the actual intention behind that video.
Now, I'm going to jump into an example breakdown. So we're going to look at this video we did with Suway.
Now, posted this back in summer last year. Jenna has 150k views, still picking up views to stay, like 50 ICP followers, which from one video is pretty crazy.
And the good thing about this video, it's pretty top of funnel as well. And then we also went on and recreated it back in November on our Cypress team retreat.
I was like, Suway, got to recreate this one. This pulled in hella views, hella ICP followers for us, and went and recreated it.
But we're basically going to watch through each video and break it down with the framework we've just gone through.
And then, yeah, then we'll be done. We'll go through some Q&A. But first thing I want you guys to look at, so the whole concept of the video is being Asian's cheat code.
So we're going to first look at the hook, which is the first couple seconds of the video. So, and you're not making at least $50,000 a month, then what are you doing?
So hook of the video, if you're Asian and you're not making at least $50,000 a month, what are you doing?
Like text hook, visual. Hook, I wouldn't say this like a crazy visual hook, you could just argue how he's filmed it, like obviously it's not necessarily the iPhone style, but it's kind of close up, might be a bit of a pattern interrupts, and the black borders, before this kind of got rinsed, this used to be quite a bit of pattern interrupt, because typically in your feed you're not expecting to see more borders, you're expecting to see the full frame, so if we were break this down, hook of the video, we've got, you know, the text hook was being agent as a cheat code, I'm going to break this down so you guys can refer back to it.
We've got the spoken hook, I'm just going to put, if you're Asian, dot dot dot, so we're not here for ages, and then we've got like the visual hook, so we're going to put black borders for that, so we've got three kind of pattern interrupts here, all doing like different roles, so already moving, like already quite a bit there, to go over it, if I made a video again, bro, Angie's always trying to make that the most controversial stuff ever.


@42:54 - Andrew Wilkes
I'm making it, I'm doing it. Bro, rip it, I want to say. I'm doing it.


@42:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
No, I was thinking about that to be Fair, if you're white and it's cool, maybe don't rip this one, have a day off for this one, but hey, this one's, yeah, yeah, that's like the general hook of the video, you you've got like the text hook, spoken hook, visual hook, we've kind of broken that down, angle of the video, so what was the specific perspective or POV, you know, controversial, aspirational, relatable, was it targeting a specific group of your audience, so obviously as you can see with this one, very obvious, we're targeting Asian audience, now this video actually led to us getting a lot of Asian clients, if we look for our onboarding forms, and the reason people join us, and obviously the people who do join us, a lot of them do tend to be Asian as well, so we built up quite a bit of an Asian community, with videos like this, you could argue it's controversial as well, because it's like a hot take, it's also aspirational, because we're talking about, you know, an outcome, being, you know, 50k a month, I believe it was, and then we've got relatable, more to like Asian people, so relatable to like a small
Section of his audience, um, but it's definitely like very relatable to Asians themselves, because later on in the video, Sue actually goes on to talk about, you know, being- I'll pour some context, my name is Sue.
I'll let the video play a bit so you guys can get a bit more context as to what the video is around.
Hey, and I've been making 10k a month since I was 17. I'm 20 now and I made over $150,000 in a single month.
And I actually attribute a lot of my success to just being Asian. There's an onboarding form that I get all my clients to fill out, and 80% of the time, the real reason why they chose me is because I'm Asian.
Being Asian is a Chico, because everything you say sounds smarter. Okay, so naturally we're leaning into the stereotype that- bro, Angie's laughing already, this guy.
Naturally we're leaning into the stereotype that being Asian makes you smarter. Once I found that out, I started doubling down on talking about numbers.
Talking about numbers. I feel like the wrong person to be doing this presentation. I picked the wrong video to review, but you guys get the idea.
We're leaning into stereotypes, um, so that's allowing us to target that demographic and that group in our audience. And once again, you know, it makes it a bit controversial as well.
Um, you can also see spoke about, you know, 150k at 19, um, 224k at 20, like basically making it aspirational to format.
So what was the actual form of the video? Now, this was like a black border talking head video. Um, so pretty standard stuff used to be pretty trendy.
It's now fell off a bit, but that's kind of a format. was delivered. Very simple. Emotional trigger. So what emotion did it actually create?
Now you can talk about relatability, um, because obviously it's linking towards, you know, linked to Asian audience, and he's listing like specific stereotypes that they can actually relate to.
Can't type for the life of me. you can talk about hope by linking it back to, you know, the dream outcome, talk about validation, curiosity, even like FOMO.
I'd say these like the main two, um, but those like the emotional triggers, you know, we link it back to the dream outcome quite a bit by talking about how successful he is, um, how Asian people should be making 50k a month, linking it back to relatability.
So. Asian people are typically viewed as smarter, talk about numbers more, etc. And then finally, the topic. So what subject did this cover?
Was it a pain point, desire, belief, or belief like challenging a belief? So once again, this kind of covers quite a few of them.
I won't necessarily say we've leaned into pain points, more a desire. And we've also like challenged, you know, stereotypes.
We've got stereotypes in there, so a bit controversial. We're challenging common beliefs. We're kind of agreeing with them as well.
But that's kind of how we structured the first video. Now, now we know that that works. I want us to kind of spot the difference between these two videos, because there's not really a major difference.
I want to show you guys like how we recreated it to get the same results. So I'm gonna let the video play.
And we'll break it down at least $50,000 a month. I'm going to show you how you can leverage your race to make more money, the same way that I've done it.
And we're out here in Cyprus. The business just did $40,000 in the last four days. This is great. So let me show you how to actually leverage your race to your advantage.
It's funny because growing up Asian, I never wanted to be Asian, but now now that I'm 20 and I've been in the online.
Basically, I've made money. Being Asian has given me so many advantages. First off, people think that I'm naturally smarter than I am.
Okay, so instantly, I won't play the full thing, but the main thing we've changed about the video, actual format of the video, so we've gone from a Blackboarder video into a Rortog iPhone video.
So that was like a major change. It's still like a talking head video, but it's just a slightly different pattern interrupt.
And we've also changed the verbal hook. So we kind of changed up the first line of video as well.
However, we've kept the exact same title, being Asian is a cheat code, and we've also kept, you know, the first three, like, the first, like, sentence, you know, if you're Asian and you're not X, Y, Z, so as a result, like, we haven't really changed the hook too much, more just, like, the build-up process as well.
Angles kind of stayed the same as well. Once again, controversial, tied into an Asian audience, very relatable, aspirational, because we're linking it back to an outcome.
Format's the main thing that's changed, once again. Emotional triggers still link. The same, same sort of messaging. And then the topic, we obviously went on to mention, you know, Asian stereotypes, et cetera.
So the main difference between these two videos are the format and then, you know, a bit of the hook.
That's like how simple it actually is. So that's a perfect example, like how we've actually changed this video. All we've done is change the format.
As I mentioned, these are like one of the three, these are like the three iterations you're going to create.
So only thing we really changed for this video is the format. Other videos, you know, we could redo this again and change the hook.
How I think the hook's one of the reasons why it performs so well. We could try to take a different angle.
But once again, the controversial angle is also why it performs so well. And it's kind of like personal storytelling.
But that's just an example of, for example, a video where, you know, it's performed well. We've changed the format.
It's gone on to perform well once again. Yeah, that's basically a breakdown of how you guys can firstly identify your outliers, you know, how you should be tracking that, how to actually select them, diagnose them and break them down step by step.
And then. Or you can take these outliers and double down on them and create more best performed videos but that's basically it for for now so the main action items for you guys off the call will be to if you don't already or if you haven't already fill out your growth and ICP trackers so obviously we said the growth tracker is more like a one-off thing you do every month or so when you've had more outliers come through ICP trackers more daily thing for the setter select the outliers you want to recreate diagnose the video and understand why perform well so that's when we come back to you know the hook the angle the format the emotional trigger the topic and then you know running through the iteration format so maybe change the hook maybe change the angle maybe change the format of the video easiest one I'd say is the format to change and keeping the same like hook and body of the video video but yeah that's effectively how you guys can double down on your best performing content let's jump into a Q&A anyone got any questions they want to rip Ajani ham straight up let's go bro yeah man so curious first great presentation it makes a lot of sense in terms


@50:00 - Ajani Burgess
Like a big thing. However, now, for example, you could rip it as trial reels as well. So you could take a proven video, rip it as trial reels, create some iterations, and then later repost it on the feed once again.


@50:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Now, the only reason we avoid posting it on the main feed after like 30, 45 days is because obviously it's getting shown to the same people.
We post it as trial reels, it's only going to be shown to new people, so it doesn't matter as much.
But yeah, if you're going to post it again on the main feed, I'd recommend waiting like 45 days at least, maybe 60 days at a push, depending on how big of a difference the videos are.
But yeah, for this guy, we literally, like, these videos were so similar, and we just waited 30 days, I just rinse and repeat.
He's loving it, he's getting views and followers. I'm loving it, because I look like I'm a genius. And yeah.
And then there was a follow up. So with Sue ways, the Asian being a cheat code, say you were to redo that again next month, would you go back to like the original format?


@51:00 - Ajani Burgess
Like the black box talking head or what are your thoughts on that? Oh, we probably used to do like a sit down talking head video to be fair.
So we've got like the black box one, cameras still like handheld. This one's more like an iPhone video. So the main like easiest way I'd say is literally just doing a sit down talking head video, maybe change the body of the video a bit.


@51:18 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So it's more focused on storytelling his childhood, but still keeping the same, same things the same. Like, I think if we were going to do it again, the main thing I would change is probably firstly, the format we'd make, which is a sit down talking head, not a drastic change, but still a bit different.
And then secondly, the angle, after the main hook, I'd lean more into storytelling for the first portion of the video, and then go on to the message.
But yeah, as you can see, like, not major changes, just small things that, you know, make it not feel like a complete replica.
Cool. Thanks, man. Cool, bro. Mason, how can I help? Yeah, yeah. So the format that I've been ripping for top of...


@52:00 - Mason Lee
Funnel has been doing really well like it's gotten like over 500,000 views and a bunch of comments and saves yeah yeah to the people's workouts um the only thing about that is specifically for the fitness industry it brings in a lot of kids who are just like trying to build muscle right yeah and the reason it gets so many comments is like you mentioned earlier in the presentation it's pretty controversial in terms of like beliefs of like how people should should work out and I mean I feel like it does a good job at putting me out there as an authority and showing my expertise but in terms of the people it brings in it's not really dream followers it's a lot of I don't know how to say nicely just like kids you know yeah yeah yeah hella unqualified I mean even though there's like a little bit of qualified so is it just a matter of me you know biting the bullet and sucking it up and keep ripping that form
And just, you know, even though I get a lot of views in unqualified people, like I'm still getting some qualified people.
So it's good to just keep doing it. Yeah. I mean, I think we also mentioned, I think you asked this on last week's call as well.
Like, I don't think the format itself is an issue. think it's more firstly, like what videos you're actually reacting to.


@53:19 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So, you know, maybe finding videos that are more catered towards, you know, if you work a nine to five, here's like a quick 30 minute workout you can do.
Because as a result, that's going to cater towards more people who are firstly working jobs, they're going to be employed, they're going to be more ICP, they've got more money.
That's going to attract those people, like you're not going to get teenagers watching those videos. So be kind of selective of the videos you actually react to, and then directly address and call out the audience you actually want to see the video.
So obviously, you know, we all kind of think, oh, this type of audience is seeing my video. That's like your own fault, right?
You just got to be able to call out and directly address who you actually want to see your content.
So for you, you can add like a title hook saying. I mean, as I just said, like, you know, if you've got 30 minutes a day, this is a quick leg exercise or leg workout you can do or chest workout you can do.
I know you're the fitness coach, you can get creative, but that's a wide kind of approach here. Like really call out and directly address who you want to speak to in your content and naturally it's going to be shown to them.
The thing about that is I've like, I've done some market research calls with my best clients and I've asked them like what type of content they liked that they've seen from me recently.


@54:28 - Mason Lee
And they said they, they love the ones that I'm putting out because it shows someone who's like in their desired outcome.
And when I asked them like their, I guess like their dream life or their desired outcome, they, they pretty much say it's like the people that I go over during the workouts.
Yeah, for sure. But I think that's more of a case of like, okay, they've probably got like a really good physique.
Maybe they're doing it like a nice location. So you can still test actually like calling out your audience directly.


@54:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
And like calling out. With, like, the title hook, you know, who you actually want to see the video, I think the main thing those reaction videos perform well is because the person who's filming it's got a really good physique, so naturally, you it's going to act as a pass and interrupt, that's what people are going to want, especially for your clients, that's their whole dream outcome, so I'd say, like, experiment with, like, the title hook, and maybe try to switch up, you know, what sort of videos you react to, I'm not saying reacts like a fat office worker, but more, you know, okay, this will work out for this person, that's kind of how I'd approach it.
Yeah, I actually did react to a fat office worker, but it's like a, it's like a full day of eating, so he's, he's doing, like, a full day of eating at work, right, but he's, like, super overweight, and I actually went over that, and that one didn't do too well, so.


@55:43 - Mason Lee
Yeah, so, like, because it's not really the dream outcome, like, it's a fat guy, maybe he did someone who's in shape, showing their physique, even though they work in an office, it's still going to target, firstly, people whose dream outcome it is to get in shape, but secondly, people who are a bit more sophisticated, whether they've actually got a job, they've got money to at there's,


@56:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Spend, and as a result, you're going to be able to target your ICP a bit better. Okay, yeah. Yeah, my thought process behind it was, like, it's relatable, so they'll kind of see themselves in it, but, yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, great, bro. All right, thanks. Sick.


@56:14 - Mason Lee
Nate, how can I help? Yeah, I was just going to say, in terms of the ICP tracker, do you get your setters to do that every day?


@56:23 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Like, track what the organic followers are from the content?


@56:28 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, so Nick Assetto, who you might have spoken to, he basically fills it out, I think, at the end of every day or the start of every new day, but he does that daily and basically tracks, like, what videos they came from.


@56:39 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Don't get me wrong, sometimes it won't actually show you and notify you, you know, this person started following you from this video.
However, it should give you a good idea of, you know, where these ICP followers are actually coming from. But, yeah, to answer your question, it's done daily.
So sometimes you don't get to actually know exactly where it's come from? Yeah, sometimes you might not be able to tell where it came from, but if you suddenly get an influx of followers...
And you, you know, you post this video the other day, maybe it's getting a lot of traction, performing better than your other videos, you can probably take like a pretty good guess that people are coming from that video, you can also collect research on, you know, which videos actually perform well, through the DMs, through sales calls, through onboarding forms, where you actually ask, you know, which piece of content did you come from, or what do you like about my brand, what made you buy into me, et cetera.
Yeah, I did. Cool. Thanks, Got you. Joe, how can I help? I actually have a question about trial reels, um, this is really not related to anything here, but all good and great presentation, um, trial reels.


@57:39 - Joe Dooley
So like after a video rips there, is it a good, like, should you take it out of trial and show it to your audience?
I guess, is there like any point where you should do that? And when you do do that, does it show it to your audience as like, if it were like a new video, just happens to have our views and likes already?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what I'd do is I'd wave football momentum.


@58:03 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I'd move it to your main feed once the momentum's died down and obviously if it's a bit of an outlier and then yeah I'm not actually too sure I think it'll still get shown to people naturally like you still have videos from people you follow come up even like a month onwards it's more just whatever the algorithm decides but yeah it would be like a massive massive indicator and I think if it's slowed down already it doesn't really matter too much it's just on the fees yeah um for sure I have one that hit 50,000 views bro bro your trial rules do crazy to be fair they do they do they do big numbers yeah trials got nuts yeah just got double down on that um especially when making it iterations I know you got by the way I think I got trial rules back after four years bro I think Andrew I think Andrew solved that did you do his method nah that method didn't work but unless like just like Andrew unnerfed uh uh uh blessing I've just told


@59:00 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Talking about it on the Zoom fixed it, but like one time, like sometimes it's not there, but the other day it just said post as a trial wheel, and I was like, you won't see it's partially coming back for me.
So hopefully it fully comes back. I don't know what's going on now. Yeah, for sure. But yeah, guys, for everyone on the call, if you're not leveraging trials yet, make sure you are, make sure you're making iterations of each video, make sure you're getting those posts as trial wheels, and you're literally guaranteed to reach new people only.


@59:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So make sure you're doubling down on that. Um, yeah, good stuff. Maeva, how can I help? I know you mentioned you've got a couple questions for me.
Yeah, so one thing that I've been like testing out, one thing that I noticed is that, um, and I wanted your opinion on this, because my previous mentor told me that darker settings and darker sceneries tend to attract a lower quality ICP, meaning people from third world countries, because of something to do with like the, the fact that like darker settings appeal more to like Android screens or something like that.


@1:00:00 - maeva
Um, and I noticed that I've had like three videos where I was filming with this background, um, like the LEDs and everything, and it brought in a ton of unqualified ICP, but the one that I did, for example, in the car brought in a ton of qualified ICP, and that was just like natural lighting, there wasn't that much of a setup, I was just in the car.
Um, also considering that I'm targeting women, do you feel like I should lead more into a little, like, effortless kind of aesthetic for women?
And, um, because I know that Alessio and Brian also told me that that's what I should do, because women don't relate to, like, big skyscrapers in the background, which is what I was doing recently as well as, like, I was going to, like, rooftops to just, like, film with the skyscrapers behind me, and it doesn't really hit, so what would say about that?
One thing you can do, and this is something I think Kevin might have helped you with, like, really design your aesthetic, and understand, like, how you can build, like, brand identity that people actually resonate


@1:01:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So everything from like the colour of your background to, you know, like even what you're wearing, if you look at Sueway's content now, trying to get them to dress a bit more sophisticated, even stuff like sitting upright, the backdrops we use, you know, we know typically we're going to target more of a male audience, but we're going to show, you know, the high rise, the nice clothing, because that's what our dream followers are to aspire to have.
So if you can really design what you feel like your dream follower wants, and what that outcome actually looks like, as you meant, like you've always brought up this really good value on like Shelby Sapp, how she communicates with sort of more feminine language, more like feminine, you know, body language as well.
Obviously like a backdrop she uses, she's showing like her in a Rolls Royce and stuff like that, but if can really design a style, that'll work really well for you.
We've actually got like a module coming out on how to design your whole like visual style in the cohort with Rippin, but for example with Sueway, he's like clothing, he's got like a Pinterest board where he maps out, okay, this is how I want my videos kind of look from like a...
Clothing perspective from, you know, sort of camera angles he wants to shoot, the backdrop he wants to have. So if you can go through and design like your aesthetic and you're naturally going to feel, okay, will this attract, you a female audience?
Will this attract a qualified audience? And that should give you a bit more clarity. But I'd say really double down on designing your aesthetic and understanding how you want your videos to look.
Yeah, yeah, I did that with Kevin actually where like I designed my aesthetic and I kind of wanted to lean into that, you know, like dark city kind of vibe.


@1:02:30 - maeva
But that's when I realized that the videos that I made, which did have that aesthetic, brought in a ton of unqualified ICP and the videos that were just like natural light, super like light setting, almost like what Shelby Saab does, like everything's so bright, brings in a lot of like qualified ICP.
So do you think that that like correlates? Yeah, I'd say like there's a lot of, obviously I don't really get many like female creators on my page, but I see like the very minimal, you know, it feels very clean.


@1:02:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
A lot of the videos you see that like women make that performally well, maybe it's like a like skin.
care routines, stuff like that, they use like a really like clean b-roll, really minimal, really like light colors, like earthy tones, it's like grays, creams, stuff like that, so maybe design your aesthetic around that, because that's naturally going to attract more of a female audience, but yeah, the whole like minimal feel, like feeling of cleanliness, I guess, will probably help with attracting a female audience, but once again, like you've got the data, so you've kind of seen this perform well, so that's already really good, because that's probably giving you more clarity, if you didn't have that data, so yeah, I'd lean more into, you the brighter, brighter backdrops, and as I said, look, going for like that really clean look.
Okay, thank you, I appreciate it. going to quickly mention too, I think the reason why, Maeva, your videos are qualifying more for ICP, when you're shooting more in the daytime, is because it's the natural light across, I guess your appearance, so if you think about like, makeup commercials, like it's a very, natural light's more of a feminine side, and when it comes to your brand.


@1:04:00 - Kevin Walton
I think that's probably, I think that's just attracting more of those people. Like when you add natural light to your content, like when it's like your balcony, the backdrop, stuff like that, that's probably, I mean, I honestly just stick with that.
The only time you should go for more of a dark appearance is when you want more control of your lighting so it could be more serious and more dramatic.
So like your setup right now is really good. I would definitely like to do that. But if, if you already are getting clients through natural lighting in your content, I think I would probably just stick with that because maybe people are, people are watching that and it just comes off way more luxury and it works with your appearance, works with your, your personality.
I think that could, you know, potentially work and stuff like that. So, okay. Thank you. Appreciate it. Any other questions from, or Kevin, did you have a question or are just adding to it?
Oh yeah.


@1:04:52 - maeva
Um, I did have a question, but I think, um, um, Ned, you're, uh, you're, you're, first.


@1:05:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
No, there's no, oh, I did not have my hand back on.


@1:05:03 - Kevin Walton
You go for it, man. Yeah, oh, good.


@1:05:07 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, so my question was, I was wondering, do you have a library of, like, top of funnel, middle funnel, and bottle funnel content?


@1:05:13 - Kevin Walton
Because I'm just trying to, I'm obviously going to be making more middle funnel and bottle funnel, bottle, bottom funnel content.
Yeah. And I just want to collect a bunch of inspiration ideas of how people are doing this. Yeah, I can cook something up.
I'd say easiest thing for you, look through the third content presentation call we did.


@1:05:33 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So I'll send you the link to that.


@1:05:35 - Kevin Walton
Majority of the videos we covered there were more middle of funnel.


@1:05:38 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So like showing the unique mechanism, even actually speaking for even the second presentation, I'll send you the content format presentations.
Take a look through those. There'll be a ton of ideas you can get through those. And it's just different ways where you can also provide value.
I know for you, example, you do a lot of the sit down talking heads. So maybe playing around with how you deliver it while still keeping the quality really high could be, could be super helpful for you.
Yeah, a lot of time I found is, it's on like, like client calls, things like that. So I already have a few videos in the batch.


@1:06:07 - Kevin Walton
But yeah, I'm definitely gonna do more of those where I'm just gonna be talking to clients and just giving them, you know, my knowledge on the subject and that really does help.
So okay, that makes sense. And I'd love to see it linked to us. just send it whenever you can.
Yeah. Okay, perfect. Any other questions for today? Or we're gonna wrap it up? I think we should be all good.


@1:06:31 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Real quick before we go, anyone got any like requests for certain topics you want me to cover? Because I'm always like kind of scrambling to see, bro, if it's a week where I'm doing a Q&A, just know that I wasn't able to think of something.
That's what I'm gonna say. But I try to do the content format calls every three, four weeks. I want to make sure obviously we do certain calls like this where we're doing like reverse engineering viral videos or how to double down.
But yeah, any sort of suggestions? Kevin said storytelling. Ned, think you're gonna add to that. Ned, Johnny will go after.
YouTube would be sick. YouTube, okay, sick. Anything particularly on YouTube, or just YouTube overall? It's YouTube long form, I guess that doesn't help.
Sick. Johnny, what would you add?


@1:07:12 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I was going to double down on what Kevin said.


@1:07:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
think having almost an approach to top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel makes sense based off of how you're trending and things of that nature.


@1:07:24 - Ajani Burgess
think that would make sense. Yeah, sick. Okay, perfect. Yeah. Okay, I'll cook up for next week's presentation. We've got a couple ideas now that we can run with, but I appreciate you all joining.


@1:07:35 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sorry, Ned. Thank you. For me, it's with the YouTube, it's like posting videos. Siway mentioned a little bit about it, like I need to post, make sure I'm looking from the audience's point of view, but like more in more depth detail on like how to build YouTube out, not just to nurture, but to actually get views, right?


@1:07:54 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Like top of funnel, middle of funnel YouTube as well. Yeah, yeah. So like YouTube is going to get like a thousand.
2 2,000, I've had a few videos get 1,000, 2,000, 3,000, but a lot of my videos get super low views.


@1:08:08 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay, sick.


@1:08:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, we'll rip. I mean, to be fair, let's book in a one-on-one as well. I'll send you my link after.
Book in a one-on-one. And then, yeah, also, I'll cook a couple little YouTube presentations.


@1:08:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
We haven't done one on YouTube in a minute, but yeah, we'll rip that. But yeah, appreciate everyone joining as always.
Appreciate you guys for staying to the end. If you need any help from my side, you know where to find me.
Just drop me a message. We're always booking a call. And then, yeah, appreciate you all joining, and I'll catch you guys next week.
Thanks, Aidan. Peace out. Appreciate it, man. No worries.


Consulting Mastery Group Call w - March 25
Consulting Mastery Group Call w - March 25


VIEW RECORDING - 62 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - nigeldaley
Good, good, good bro, I'm feeling rejuvenated. Went to the mountains with Andrew actually this weekend. I saw, I saw, how was it?


@0:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It was good bro, it was great. Fire, fire, beautiful. It was like the cabin, right? Yeah, the cabin.


@0:15 - nigeldaley
Yeah, I needed to get away bro. But how you been? I'm good man, I'm really good.


@0:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I traveled as well last week, I went to Vienna. So I think everyone needs a bit of just travel sometimes, man.
Like, when you're in the same spot all the time, and it just gets like so repetitive, you just need to switch up.
And I was talking to like Wyatt the other day. It's just like the biggest content hack as well, because it just looks different, you know?


@0:41 - nigeldaley
Yeah, absolutely. Hell yeah.


@0:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, beautiful, beautiful. Andrew, Nigel, I'm going to Miami, and like, it's not finalized, but it's probably going to be mid to late April.
So we got to figure out something.


@0:53 - nigeldaley
Yeah, man, I said, let me know bro.


@0:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Give us a date.


@0:57 - nigeldaley
Let's do it.


@0:58 - Andrew Wilkes
Give us a date, dude.


@0:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How far, how


@1:00 - Andrew Wilkes
How is the flight for you guys?


@1:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's like three and a half hours.


@1:03 - nigeldaley
that's chill, that's chill.


@1:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful. Allen, how are you doing, man? Doing well, man.


@1:09 - Allen Speigner
Just at a coffee shop right now. Oh, yeah. Nice, nice.


@1:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Not in the car today, yeah? No, not in the car today.


@1:15 - Allen Speigner
I was on a drive the other day when I was in there. Service kept being so spotty. Nice, nice.


@1:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What state are you in? I'm in Alabama right now, yeah.


@1:23 - Allen Speigner
Okay, cool. But we had a mission trip last week, or week before last, oh, it was last week, and I was driving from one town to another when that call was happening, so I had figured out and not get pulled over.
Yeah, mission trip as in, like, you helping people, or? Yeah, so it was with our church. We do a lot of church plantings, and we were going to visit some of our plants and stuff like that, so it was a lot of fun.


@1:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful. Bro, it's so funny you mentioned that. I'm gonna, I mean, you guys are the first people that I'm really telling, because, you know, I don't like sharing all, everything that I do, but I'm actually planning on, like, building a school in Malawi.
And I'm planning on going down there in like two months, three months, and just like, you know, like go to the school, I think we can document the whole thing, it'll be really cool, and then have like a foundation link in all my YouTube videos, where it's like, you know, I want to have like a mission trip at least once a year with like you guys as well, for the people that are down for it, I think it's, we can lead the industry and change it from like, all the flashy stuff to like, mission work like this, because I'm sure you came from that and you're like, I feel so fulfilled, I feel so happy, you know what I mean?
Yeah. So, it's sick that you're doing that stuff, man, seriously.


@2:33 - Allen Speigner
Yeah, I appreciate it, let me know when you go down there, like, my entire goal with this business and stuff is to be like, biblically bad, to make sure that I'm able to serve through it all, I feel like it's a blessing for all of us to be in the position that we're at, so, anytime that I'm able to serve, I'm more than happy thinking.
I love it, I love it.


@2:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You see, the good, I love this community, I love every single one of you, because all our morals and values are aligned, you know, it's not just like we make money and we're here to make money, like, don't www.
can answers. have We use our money for good, and I think that's like the best part about posting about yourself, because you would try, like, this is, if you guys are just posting value, this should be pure proof that you have to post about your values, your morals, and who you are as a person, because you attract that ICP, I'm sure like, you resonated with me because of, you family stuff, and stuff outside of just making money, right?


@3:21 - Allen Speigner
Yeah.


@3:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, I'm just happy, man, I'm just happy it's stuff like this that is so cool, alright? Love that, love that.
Hell yeah. Emma, how are you? Are you back in, back in the hometown, or still in Austria?


@3:35 - Emma Lavri
I'm in, yeah, back home now, in Andorra.


@3:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nice, nice, nice, beautiful.


@3:39 - Emma Lavri
Really nice meeting you, man, really nice. Yeah, of course, of course.


@3:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't know if, I don't know if Yash sent the, sent the stuff over yet, but hopefully you got it already.
Yes, I have it.


@3:48 - Emma Lavri
I need to learn how to do color grading, though. yeah.


@3:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
He'll send you a guide, he'll send you a guide. Awesome, and then Lou, I believe your name's Lucia, right?
Awesome, nice to meet you. I'll you in. Spain, or are you in Indoro with Emma?


@4:02 - Lu
I'm in Barcelona, nice to meet you. Okay, nice, nice to meet you, welcome to the community, very excited to have you here.


@4:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, Barcelona is beautiful, I've been there once and I always want to go back, so it's nice to have you here, you're lucky to live there, honestly.
Honestly, I don't think so much.


@4:19 - Lu
Oh really, you don't like it?


@4:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No. Different, different people, but yeah, all good, nice to have you in here, but yeah guys, I'm excited to go ahead and dive in.
We're going to go over just a bunch of stuff, today I wanted to welcome some of the new guys, Lucia, we'll welcome you like formally on Friday, Alan you as well.
Friday is the days where we do like the proper introductions and all that, but before we start, I want to go over a few wins, does anybody have any wins that they want to share?
It could be financial, it could be, you know, like anything in life, it doesn't have to be just like money, it can be anything, you know, if you did something and you're proud of it, feel free to just unmute and share.


@4:58 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, I'll go win. What's up, man? I'm finally sort out of my tax to, like I have a place in the UK, but I'm finally fully, I never lived here, anyway.
yeah, yeah. I'm finally moving out, so. Beautiful. Like nomad for a short period of time until Dubai is back, and like not anymore, and then I'm going to move to Dubai because I've got a load of connections there.


@5:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, nice. So looking forward to that, finally took the jump.


@5:24 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Beautiful.


@5:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Five years now, UK.


@5:27 - nedsainsbury-plaice
There you go, there you go, I love it.


@5:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, we all have to escape the UK tax, huh?


@5:32 - nedsainsbury-plaice
All of us.


@5:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But I love it, I love it. Alessia, what's up? Yeah, my win is joining.


@5:41 - Lu
I had been thinking about it for like a month, and yesterday, just like by joining, I think like energy got so high that I got like, I don't know, like three new clients.
There you go. And it was like, I almost made the whole. The course, just to speak to the point.
In one day, that's crazy.


@6:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How much did you do?


@6:07 - Lu
Now I'm closing one client, but around 10K. Okay, nice, beautiful.


@6:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm happy to hear. I'm telling you, like, when you move out of your comfort zone, good things happen to you.
So it's like, obviously the strategy we can give you and all the community and all the advice, but when you make a decision where it's like, okay, you put your, you know, eggs in this basket, you really force yourself to go.
So I'm proud of you.


@6:27 - Lu
Let's go. Thank you. Awesome. Meva, what's up?


@6:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, how are you?


@6:34 - maeva
Good, good. How are you?


@6:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm doing good.


@6:36 - maeva
I'm doing good. Yeah, just a little win. I think I posted this up in the pay your dues thing.


@6:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@6:41 - maeva
But yeah, I guess for me, it's more like a personal win because I spent so long just like trying to work so hard on business.
And I think I saw one of your reels, or I think it was why it's real, where it's stop trying to work so hard and you need to start prioritizing yourself as a founder.
So one thing that I've been doing is I'm taking like Sundays off. that off. Thank Spend a lot more time with myself, to take care of myself, like I've made it a rule to book out onsens, not book out, but like go to an onsens to just like take care of myself, and yeah, I'm feeling good, feeling good.
I love it, beautiful, good stuff.


@7:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Taking Sunday's off is like a cheat code, honestly, absolute cheat code, so good on you, beautiful. Nice, anyone else?
We'll go one more and then we'll dive right into all the value.


@7:29 - Emma Lavri
Yeah, I can go. Mine is more also of a personal win, but I've been doing 10 kilometers for the past 25 days.


@7:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
nice. Every single day?


@7:39 - Emma Lavri
Every single day, 10 kilometers, even in Vienna. I mean, even in Vienna, I had to wake up early and say, , I have to do this now.
Yeah, yeah. And the thing that I want to share is that I was not very disciplined before that, like I just did the work and then did that, but wasn't disciplined.
And now I feel disciplined.


@7:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There you go.


@7:59 - Emma Lavri
Every single day.


@8:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
of my life.


@8:00 - Emma Lavri
It's insane.


@8:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love Just by doing that.


@8:03 - Emma Lavri
I love it.


@8:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nice. 10K is every day. I thought it was like once a week. Every day is crazy.


@8:08 - Emma Lavri
So good on you. Good on you.


@8:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Beautiful. Okay, guys, let's go ahead and dive in. I love all these wins. I love that not like, you know, we're not just sharing monetary, but like, you know, personal stuff as well, because the personal stuff always leads to the monetary stuff.
But yeah, today we want to talk about mastering perception. And I really want to go over like, how do you, how do you reverse engineer what's working for somebody?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
else and do it to you. So I want to go through this example. Again, no shade on the guy on the left.
He's actually one of my OGs, one of my friends. But, you know, I just saw this video and I was like, bro, like you're making perception work against you.
Okay. So before I even dive in and, you know, break down these two pictures, I need you guys to understand the importance of perception.
Before you speak a word, before you say anything in your content, anything, your audience has A split second to make assumptions of you based on the setting that you're in, based on the clothes that you wear, based on the way you present yourself, based on everything.
So you can either make that work for you or against you. That's the most important thing. You have to understand that you are competing with thousands of other people that are trying to grab your person's attention.
And so you need every advantage in the book in order to do that. And obviously, like, the easiest advantage that I can say to you guys is going to be, like, just how, the way you present yourself.
I'm saying this over and over again because I'm not seeing enough of you change it, okay? The way you present yourself is key.
I'm going to get Yash, actually, my creative director, to host, like, a specific masterclass on what we've changed in our perception.
And we've just been able to get more followers. I'll say this real quick. Natural light will never be better than artificial light.
I'm going to say that again. Natural light will never be better than artificial light. It's always better to have some type of LED light facing you compared to just relying on sunlight or relying on the natural light.
And the reason why is because it just hits different, and especially if you understand angles like 45 degrees, you want to ideally have a light here and a light here, where you're in the middle and it's 45 degrees.
It's the easiest way to spark that, oh, this person looks different. And if you look different compared to every other person that doesn't try on the perception side of things, you're already at an advantage.
Because sometimes all it takes is to give you an extra two to three seconds, and if you have the hook the right way, you'll be able to actually grab him in with the entire hook.
So a lot of you are working on the effect. Everything that you do, I want you to break it down.
Is this a cause or an effect? Is this a cause or an effect? Perception, lighting, the way you present yourself, all of that is a cause.
back. And so if you're working on the scripts and the hooks, yes, that's important, right? But the ideation, the perception, the way you present yourself, the way that you come across on camera is 10 times more important than the script and the hook.
Because people are already making assumptions, okay? Like that's the main thing. Maeva, we'll get to questions in a bit later.
I just want to really like get you guys to understand this. Work on all the calls first. And so there's no point of scripting out a full hook or scripting out a full content piece if the idea itself is terrible.
If the idea itself is terrible, why would I even want to do it? Like why would I actually want to do it, okay?
So let me show you guys what I built out. This is the content ideation framework before you even do anything.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Ask yourself. What is the main idea slash format? Is there proof that it works? Why do you believe it works?
What emotion does it spark? If it's value, would you pay $5 for it? Why does it resonate with our brand brief?
Every single idea you guys do from now on, if you guys are trying to take content to the next level, this is what I'm asking.
Because ideas that are mid, that are below average, no matter how good you script it out, they're not going to perform.
They're just not going to perform. So you need to understand this framework, and you need to have proof that it works before you even do it.
Ideation is the cause that will lead to the effect. And so if you have interesting ideas, it'll perform well.
So what you guys need to do is you need to master perception, and you need to master ideation. The way to master ideation is asking yourself those five questions.
I can send it in the chat. But perception is extremely easy. And if you do it right, you can master both at the same time.
So I'll show you guys this one. that I'm going to do, that is going to be super easy to perform, and it's just going to be like very, very, it's just going to work, it's just going to work.
So have you, any one of you guys seen like how I budget my income videos? Has anyone seen those?
So this is a guy that, you know, he sits on a, he sits in his, like, I'll show you guys, it's just easier.
So, essentially, this guy has been ripping this format, where he's talking about, here's how I budget my, this paycheck.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
And he rips it one every single month, and every single time it pops off. So his average is around 90 to 200, which is amazing.
This one is a 20x outlier. Again, 3x outlier. Again, 36x outlier. So this format works. Now, the reason why it works is because, first of all, his lighting, his background, and everything is intentional.
He gives you a reason. he's to listen. So he understands what puts him in a category of one. He understands how to position himself in the right light.
And he also has an idea that reinforces everything. So perception is about finding ideas that make you different and position you as a one-of-one.
And so if he sits down with nice lighting, he wears a nice watch, you can see his condos and his windows are big, and he says $212,000 paycheck, do you see how immediately you're grabbed on and you're interested, even if you don't really know who he is?
The idea helps the perception and the image that he's trying to create. And so instead of me saying how I spend my paycheck, I'm going to say how I spent my business.
This is the revenue I had, and this is how I paid out my team and where I spent my money on for the business.
And so I made it a bit more business generic. I could also do another one where I'm talking about where I spend my...
Money in the fact that I'm not buying a crazy watch or I'm not buying a crazy car even though we've had a good month.
And now I'm using that idea and using that format to push a message that I'm trying to share. So you guys have to understand perception is everything.
You need to find ways on like what makes you stick out and really lean into that in your content pieces and this guy has mastered it.
So I'll tell you guys how I would do this, how I would take an idea like this and do it in my own twist, okay?
And I'll really break it down to you guys so you guys fully understand. So let me go ahead and find like an actual good one.
Okay, this one. Here's how I spent my... So 2.3... This one got 2.3 million views and he just posted.
Here's how I spent my $428,000 paycheck for the month of February. First things first, I spent $50,000 buying Bitcoin, another $25,000 buying some gold.
Spent $10,000 on a trip to LA for All-Star Weekend. My condo rent is $14,000 a month. Spent $4,000 on my...
That's my property. $3,000 is my parents' mortgage. I'll take care of that as well. I have three cars. My first car is my McLaren 720.
That is a $4,000 car note. My G63, which is a G-Wagon, is a $3,000. So you get the idea.
He's talking about his lifestyle. The twist that I can make on this is that I make this amount. I spent this on my parents.
I spent this on investment. I spent this on business expense. And I'm left with this. And then I can have a message right after me talking about my paycheck, talking about why you need to be financially responsible and why you don't need three cars.
And that is in line with my messaging. Does that make sense, guys? You need to take formats that already work and understand what makes you different and show your messaging.
And so if I did that, and because people are expecting me to have three cars and buy this watch and buy this thing and buy that thing, but all I'm really spending on is my family.
You know, I bought them business class tickets for them. Come see me in London, my family, and business expenses, paying out my team well, paying out my rent for London that me and my brother are living in, and that's it.
And then I have a message at the end where it's like, real fulfillment doesn't come from spending on material items, real fulfillment comes from taking care of the people around you.
Do you see how I leverage perception and leverage my messaging and my brand and what aligns with me in a format that does well?
Does that make sense, guys? A lot of you are too straightforward and too straight thinking where it's like, oh, I, you know, like, I can't do this because I don't spend this much.
It's not about that. There's a twist on this angle. The twist on the angle is that, hey, I can show that I'm really being responsible by money and show different people that I'm not trying to spend a ton of money.
I don't need a crazy, fancy lifestyle. I can show people that my living expenses and my standard of living is only $8,000, $7,000 a month, including rent.
How cool would that be? You know, a 20-year-old making multiple six figs, spending 7K on just living. He doesn't eat out, doesn't go to fancy dinners, doesn't go to any of that.
And I completely changed the way that this guy, like this guy's intention is to flex the lifestyle. But my intention is to show a different moral direction, a different moral compass on how to spend money.
Do you see how there's two different things? Every single one of you has to create a brand brief. A brand brief is so important.
I'm going to create that in these upcoming cohort modules. We're going to build that together. But it's so important to understand, like, what are the things that, even today, like, even just now, when you guys were talking about your wins, and even, you know, Alan, the fact that you mentioned that...
You're on a mission trip. It's so perfect that we're talking about this, you know, on this call. We're all aligned up here.
Because how many people want to make money? Everybody. But how many people want to make money to take care of the people around them?
Not that many. It's all about me. What can I buy? And so do you see how I took a form of where it was about me, me, me.
And I showed a different aspect of myself and I show people a different moral compass with money. That's what I want you guys to think about.
Because when you're able to do that, and you're able to find formats that lean into your messaging, you create a strong, strong presence.
And that's how you build a long term brand that people resonate with. And so I don't know if you guys have seen videos of like people, you know, some people making videos of me.
And if you look in the comments, a lot of them are just very supportive of me. And I don't know these guys.
These guys are not like, these guys are not you guys. because there's certain people calling out other people for a
Copying the same reel as me, and everyone's like defending me, you know, it's really cool, like we've kind of built like a mini fan base, but the reason why is because I've gone against the grain, in a time where everyone's going here about the lifestyle, the car, the this, the that, I'm going here, what is that for you, what is your uncommon belief, or what is your uncommon opinion, that nobody else actually thinks about, that nobody else actually truly believes in, that makes you feel like, hey, like, you know, this is, this is what makes my community really feel that, that good, okay, because things like that, where you guys talk about mission work, and you guys talk about having good, having discipline, and having self-control, and having the, the ability to resist temptation on splurging on material items, like, I think material items itself is not bad, but it's more important for you to take care of your family, that's the messaging I preach, and the way that I can do that is through formats like that.
Does anyone have any questions on this at all? Maeve, I'm assuming you have one? I had a more specific question about something else I can ask about it after.
Okay, cool. All good. Andrew, what's up, man?


@21:17 - Andrew Wilkes
How do you balance the difference between making top funnel and mid funnel? Because I find if I go personality route, I feel like when I go more talking, more personality, more like your style of content, it ends up kind of like when I post the top funnel generic, get views kind of content, kind of like waters down the authenticity of my page.
Is there like a way that you would go about like kind of like the ranking videos or like the tier list videos or stuff like that?
Or like the here are the top 10 things that blah, blah, blah kind of videos that are top funnel.
Do you have a way that like you do it specifically? Because you don't really do top funnel videos.


@21:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like all your videos are very like mid, like, like very like just mid funnel.


@22:00 - Andrew Wilkes
Talking about your story, which is like the direction I want to go in. But how do you balance the difference between like, for me for specific, those top funnel videos without kind of like watering down the authenticity of my other videos?


@22:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. The easy answer to this question is that you have to have abundance. And you have to have like a, you have to have a, like, that's why I sent you that voice message on Instagram.
If you shut down the thing that's already occurring on clients right now, and you try to complete a new strategy, and you're, in your head, you're like, I need to make this work.
You're not going to do content that makes you feel like this isn't. And so you're doing content to make a quick buck because you stopped acquisition for something that was already working to try and do something fast.
And when you do something fast, you don't do it in alignment with who you are as a person. So obviously, I'm in the position where I can be just very genuine in who I am and, you know, what I do as a, what I do on a day-to-day basis.
It helps that, you know, I have that going, but... The main thing I'd say for you is go back to the fact that you were acquiring leads with ads because that was your OG mechanism.
Do that. Content should be a bonus on top of what you guys are already doing. The reason why we don't work with beginners is because we don't want anyone starting from zero because it's all mental beliefs.
Kennedy is smiling because she's pivoting her ICP and all that. Man, if you start from zero, it's like you're essentially starting from zero because you shut up ads.
But I need you to turn that back on so that you operate from a place of abundance. And that's the main thing, you know?


@23:34 - Andrew Wilkes
We woke up this morning with like we literally, they've been up for like maybe 15 hours. woke up with 30 new followers and 15 ICP followers who are all actively in our DMs right now within the first like two hours of following.


@23:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So now we can have more fun with content.


@23:49 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, exactly.


@23:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And then now like content feels best when you know that you don't need to create content to get leads.
Does that make sense? Yeah, I think every single Every single one. Go ahead.


@24:01 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, I think that was my confusion, because with Aiden's team calls, it was a bit more like, here, do these trends, do this, do this, do this, and I was having trouble trying to balance the authenticity of my messaging, and the like, here are the top three ways to grow, you know, I was having trouble kind of balancing those, because one doesn't feel like me, so I was like, okay, I like that, so keep doing what brings in leads, keep doing what's going to bring in the acquisition, and then, like you said, add gas to the fire, instead of stopping a fire, making a new one.


@24:31 - nedsainsbury-plaice
And you're asking the same thing, man, I turned off my ads, and then I realized, Suway's whole thing, is to teach you more about, like, your personal branding, your content, and on that, not to turn off.
takes time, it takes time, yeah, yeah, yeah.


@24:45 - Andrew Wilkes
Also, I'd like to add that, now that we've locked in with the content, and like, the content's way better quality, and it's stuff I like to make, and it's way more personable, it's way more me, the level of, like, before we bring in, like, 100 followers from ads, and we get, like, 15 replies, Yeah.
We brought in 30 new followers from our ads in like 15 hours, and we've gotten 15 like active DMs because they all actually mess with our content.
Yeah. So it's like, yeah, it's like, yeah, the content is going to be, yeah, it's gas, it's gas on the fire.
Yeah, it's awesome.


@25:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I will say as well, man, like your content is going to do so much better now because you're not in that like fight or flight because you were in that.
And so the goal of content form is the goal of Aiden's calls, I will tell you guys, I told him to do that.
I want to feed you guys formats that are working, but that doesn't mean you guys do them. Like you need to find what formats align with what you're trying to do.
And so if that guy's format where he was breaking down the budget, I was like, like his whole goal was flexing his lifestyle on the fact that he can spend that much.
But I'm taking a twist on it and I'm like, hey, you shouldn't spend that much. This is coming from a guy that's making this amount and reinvesting back in the business.
That's my biggest expense. And so that's what should be like the main messaging, like you guys use these formats, let them sit in your head, but if it doesn't align with you and it doesn't feel right, don't do it.
That's like the main thing, okay? So hopefully that helps, Andrew. Can I ask one question just to make sure I've got this perspective right?


@26:17 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Would you think of it, let's say you build the business on ads, after joining this program, would you think of it more like content is there to build a long-term brand and then the ads is there to build the business?


@26:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly. A mix of both. I think if you come from an ads background, don't shut it off, first of all, because that's the foundation, that's what gets you to where you are.
Content will just 10x everything that you do. Because your ads will perform better. So it's like you're doing something right, it's already working, and you're shutting it off and you think this thing is going to be better.
Like, yes, it will help, but I don't see why you would shut it off. So content will just amplify what you already have, but you shouldn't turn it off, okay?
Okay. Cool. Jai, what's up, man?


@27:01 - Jai
Yeah, so I liked the video, the expenses one, like how you can basically turn it into like your ICP and everything like that and show your values.
Is there any way that you, apart from like obviously scrolling, is there any way or like method that you have of like finding these videos, like these outlier videos to do like really, really well that you can then replicate?


@27:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So what's my like? I can answer that question real quick, Jai.


@27:27 - Andres Wolf
Well, Alessia and Brian put me on a software called Sandcastles.ai. It's funny that you bring up an outlier because you can literally choose the outlier score.
Let's say you want it to be 5, 10x. You can see videos in your niche from creators that are just like you, that are having like those big reels.
So yeah, just search it up, bro. It's like 40 a month, something like that, but it's so worth it.
I've been cranking it. It's super hard. Look, can drop it in the chat if you guys want. I recommend everyone to have this actually.


@27:56 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Shout out to you, Andres, well, man. I did, Andres. Ask him about the community, and he hyped you up, SooWei.


@28:03 - Andres Wolf
Wait, wait, oh , that was you? Yes, bro, yes.


@28:07 - nedsainsbury-plaice
No shot.


@28:08 - Andres Wolf
That's fire, I love it.


@28:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
of course, you know how it'd be.


@28:11 - Andres Wolf
I love it, I love it.


@28:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, Sankhast, I've never heard of it, but yeah, Andres, it's a good tool, yeah?


@28:20 - Andres Wolf
Yeah, bro, it's super sick. Alessu and Brian put me on. I love it. I just sent it in the chat.
Yeah, so, like I said, so you essentially, like, go in the search bar, and you search up, like, all the creators in your niche.
Let's go with whoever, blank, blank, blank, blank. You add them to your playlist, then you go on. Bro, I can literally share my screen.
you want me to show you guys, like, two seconds?


@28:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, you could, real quick. Two seconds, yeah? Yeah, I got you.


@28:48 - Andres Wolf
Just because I think it's actually extremely valuable. Yeah.


@28:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Give me one second, I need to sign it here.


@28:58 - Andres Wolf
Maybe I look like I can share.


@29:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I will say, I will say really good ideas also just come from the market research stuff. Seriously, like, oh my gosh, my best ideas that have come up, obviously I've been like getting inspiration from guys like that, but also just what does my ICP truly want?
SCREEN SHARING: Andres started screen sharing - WATCH


@29:15 - Andres Wolf
Yeah, so in my view, so I have a channels where I already added everyone in my niche, then you literally go on this outlier score, and go with, whatever, five, and then now it's going to show all the videos, like I'm up here, I had an 100x outlier a couple days ago, you know, one of my guys had a 200x outlier, and I can see all the videos that have been ripping in my niche, it's pretty sick, it's pretty sick, I love it, I love it.
So instead of brain rotting, scrolling, you just go on sandcastles, because I used to do the same thing, like, trying to find, you know, ideas by brain rotting, so.
Andreas, also, can you select, like, the time period for that, can you put, like, in the last week, in the last month?
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, that's cool, that's my question, but you were saying about just ICP, like what your ICP wants?


@30:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, okay, we're cooking this up for our cohort, so I'll give this to you guys, I'll give this to you guys, since you guys, it's not like fully done, but I think we can definitely like, you know, some of you can really play around with this, but I essentially give you guys my example over here, and I even put, you know, like, I have like a ICP that I think about when I create content, like this person, his name is Jack.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
know, it looks like, I think someone's mic might be a bit messed up, okay, this is what he looks like, this is who he is, all of that, and the entire goal of this is to think about content, instead of like trying to target a group of people, you just target one person, you target one person, and one ICP.
So this person is 25 years old, he's an online coach, blah, blah, blah, he's passionate about fitness, he got average schools and results, and so I basically break down his entire life story.
Like, what is he struggling with? All of that, right? And I'm talking about that all in my content. And, you know, like, that means that I'm not, that means that my personal brand is not just about value and tips.
I can post a video about basketball, and it will still align with Jack, this ICP, because he plays sports as well.
Does that make sense? So now you're not just in a niche where you're only talking about fitness coaching, or how to lose weight, but you're talking about stuff that you generally enjoy, because everything aligns with who Jack is.
So content in itself should not put you in a box where you can only post specific types of content.
Content should speak to one ICP, one avatar, that has pain points, desires, outcomes, everything. You understand everything about him, and if it aligns with that person, you post it.
So you guys may think, oh, a basketball highlight reel is not in line with my brand. It actually really is.
Because Jack played sports in high school, and this will help him reminisce about those old times. And do you see how that works now?
It's not just about posting that value or posting that thing. The strongest brands understand their one clear ICP, and they only talk to that one person.
Do you guys ever go across Instagram and you feel like, oh, you know, like, this person just talks to me?
They just, he understands everything that I'm saying. He's saying everything that I'm thinking. They understand content because it's not a niche.
It's one specific avatar, and they know that avatar, like, the back of their hand. And every time they film content, it's just in line with talking to this person.
That's what content is. So if your person would be impressed if you were in this spot and wearing nice clothes and having, like, nice background, all of that, like, that's the thing.
Perception matters. Perception So you get it. So in with the visual identity, and then you come over with the hooks and everything, and then you find formats that show who you are, like how I just did just now, okay?
Make sense? Beautiful, beautiful. Cool. So that's like the main stuff, and I really want you guys to do that.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
And then I'll go over here. I want to go over really simple stuff, because it's so easy. A lot of you are just filming content like this.
You have a mic. Again, ceiling light. A lot of you guys are using ceiling lights, where it's a top down.
But you've to understand, you're filming from here. You're filming from your phone over here. And the light is over here.
The light should be up here, so that people can see your face the right way. So before we even listen to whatever they're saying, we're already making judgments.
Let's... We're already making judgments. This guy is like, if he just tried harder, and he had a, you know, he positioned his camera better, he wore a nicer piece of clothing, he would have just had a chance.
But a lot of you just are not even trying on the perception side of things, the image. And so ask yourself, like, if you didn't know a single thing you said, you didn't even know what topic, would you listen to yourself?
From now on, have that first impression test before you post, before you script, before you do anything. You take it from there, okay?
And so a person like Leila Hormozzi is at such an advantage because, first of all, the lighting is amazing.
She's on a nice chair. She's wearing a nice blazer. Her hair is all done. It just looks more aesthetic.
And the editing is clean as well. It's so simple. But 40 to 50% of your... of your content success boils down to the perception.
And I'm going to have like a whole module on this in the upcoming weeks where I go over all of that.
But this is like so simple. And so I don't know if y'all have been paying attention to the story sequences, but your boy has been, you know, figuring out his fashion, you know, style here and there.
It's so, it's such a small thing. It's so important. It's like the lowest hanging fruit. And if you look at the most influential people, what do they all have in common?
They have a style. They have something that they go for. Right? The most influential people in the US right now.
I mean, you could talk about like, you could talk about people like, I don't know if you guys know Playboy Cardi.
He's so influential in the US, obviously because of his music and what he does. But people just want to dress like him.
And human psychology comes down to like, part of the easiest ways to... want to be like somebody is to dress like them.
And that's why you see Jordans take off. That's why you see Nike athletes always partner up with Nike. It's so easy.
It's so easy because if someone wants to be like you, they dress like you. And so what better way to influence someone than to look at the most influential people and see what they're doing?
They all have some type of style. You even look at the guys in our space. The reason why I mentioned the personal brand, who's the first name that pops up in your head when it comes to the personal brand stuff?
Like the reason why I mentioned that, if you look at everyone, they all have a specific style that they go for.
Iman with his whole old money aesthetic. When you think about Iman in a hoodie, it doesn't feel right. But I promise you, he wears hoodies.
It's just every time he turns on the camera, he wants to show a certain type of perception. So before you film, what is the image that you want to portray?
What is the image that you want to show that aligns with the one ICP that you? If trying to target, I promise you, it's going to be like 10 times easier to scale up your content, because now you act the part.
So if I was doing something, if I was trying to be the guy that was positioned very, very smart, and let's say, you know, Jeff Nipper is a perfect example.
You guys all know Jeff, right? All the fitness guys, Allen, you're nodding your head, all of that. Like, y'all don't understand, but he's leaning into the whole nerd aspect.
He's always talking about research, he's always talking about case studies, he's always talking about, you know, lab reports, and he wears glasses.
And I think sometimes he puts on even a lab coat for no reason, even though he's not doing any experiments.
Why? Because that's his persona, that's his image, that's his perception. When you master the perception, everything comes from that, and everything flows, and your videos are so much more easy to consume, because now you're different.
So the next time you film a video, don't... just throw on a sweater and a hoodie just because you think it looks good.
What is the image you want to create? What are the impressions that you want to create? know, things like that is super, super important.
And once you really dial that in, everything is just going to flow so much easier and you get in the zone as well.
I'll give you guys a tip as well for content. Before you film content pieces, you need to be in that zone.
So too many of you turn on the camera and suddenly you have to put on an act and suddenly sound excited.
Get excited first. Do some push-ups, do some squats, do some burpees. Get excited first and then turn on the camera.
I was doing this the other day. I was filming a bit of like a different type of reel. I wrote a letter to my 16-year-old self.
I wrote a letter to my 16-year-old self. And it was an emotional letter because I was talking to my 16-year-old self about what
I've been able to accomplish at 20, and how proud I am. Now, if was smiling all the time, it wouldn't hit.
It wouldn't hit. And so what I did was I watched a sad documentary, I drank a bit of wine, you know, got in that mood.
was like, it wasn't nighttime, but you get the idea. I was in that kind of zone, and so when I said the real, it was more emotional.
All these little details you never think about, but guys like me are constantly just, it's just going in my head.
And so I read like three emotional reels that day, and I promise you, once you see it pop off, you'll be like, how did he even do that?
It's because of the preparation before the reel. I got in the zone, I got in the mood, I got in the entire persona and the character that I wanted to play.
Like, you know what I mean? So you guys are probably like, man, I just want to film the reel and get it over with.
I was like that too, but when you do a reel that pops off and gets a few hundred thousand views and you never have to struggle with lead flow again, it's worth it, all right?
I can tell you 100% it's worth it. So it may take, you know, it may be a bit frustrating and all that, but that's something that you guys want to talk about.
So the reason why some of your videos don't hit when you talk about your story, it's because it sounds scripted.
You turn on the camera and you're like treating it like a value video. You're trying to do a storytelling video the same way you do a value video.
Of course it doesn't work. Of course it doesn't perform. People feel the misalignment. But if you get in that zone, you get in the flow, you get in the emotions, that's when everything just comes together and everything pieces together.
Does that make sense, guys? Beautiful. That's sauce that nobody talks about, I'm you, but it works. It truly does work.
So understand what is the intention of this reel? Do I want to make my audience feel sad? Do I want to make them feel happy?
I want make them feel curious? And how can I get in that zone? And so the value of it is, you guys should be doing push-ups and burpees or something to get the blood flowing, so you sound excited on camera.
Why do you think I'm standing? I got to stand in this because it's just easier for me to talk and be expressive, right?
All the little details, okay? So, perception is everything, and it'll lead to all of that. And like Ajani said, 80-20, too many of you are focused on the post-production, the editing, you know, like, how do you say it, all that, like, the preparation before that is that much more important.
Because that will determine your entire video. Okay? Beautiful. Hope you guys got a bit of value. Let's go ahead and head to the questions, and we'll take it from there.
Maeva, what's up?


@41:54 - maeva
Yo, so, it's funny that you mentioned, um, the- The thing about, you should never use like natural lighting, you should always use like artificial lighting, is that right?
I want to say never, I'd say in general, it's just better to use artificial lighting, yeah. It's funny because I created maybe like three reels in this setting, right?
So you've got like the city view in the back, you've got like the purple and everything, it's like kind of studio light, and they've blown up.
But, they've only reached people in third world countries, because I know that you told me to turn that setting off, I had the setting on to like block them, and then you told me to turn it off, it only reached people in third world countries, right?
Because I heard from a previous mentor that, and I want to know if you know anything about this, but I heard from a previous mentor that darker sceneries tend to attract people from third world countries, because of like something to do with like the LEDs on like androids and stuff.
I don't know. But, for example, the video that I made, where I talked about me joining this program, I filmed it in a car, with natural lighting, I barely put any effort in it, and it brought in so many ICP.
It's the idea.


@43:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I can promise you right now, Maeva, you may think it's like the setup and the color, it's 100% the idea.
If you ripped that same exact idea in this setting, you would have attracted the exact same amount of ICP leads, I promise you.
Okay. So, a lot of people think, like, perception just helps in general, but it doesn't determine the type of ICP you attract.
And the reason why is because, it's human psychology, if you just look nicer, and you look more professional, you look more well put together, people are going to give you a longer chance.
Instead of giving you three seconds, maybe they give you five, right? It only helps with retention. But the idea that you say in the actual video, the things that you're saying, will determine what type of ICP you attract.
It's never going to be the background.


@44:03 - maeva
Okay, and I heard this from Alicia and Brian, because I'm trying to target women, right, women specifically in the US.
I think the reason why the video of me filming the car did better than me being here, like recently I even made videos where I went like on the top of like a skyscraper just to get the view of the entire city with like all the skyscrapers behind me.
And even those aren't performing well, right, like at night, the night city and everything. And Alicia and Brian told me that the reason it's not popping off and the reason it's not bringing in ICP is because my target audience of women don't resonate with that.
Like women usually, like they don't have like that much of a crazy background, like they don't really like have that fancy studio lighting.
They're just like, you know, either at a park or they have like a white background. So what do you think about that?
It just comes down to your market.


@45:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The reason why it works for me is because what guy wouldn't want, like my ICP is predominantly men, that's just how it is, like that's who I talk to, what guy wouldn't want to live in IRIS, you know, what guy wouldn't want to live on like the 37th floor, overlooking the entire city and feeling like Batman, like my brother image, oh my gosh, image that I want to show is like, I'm living this, you know, I'm living this is like, like for me, it's just always been a dream of mine to live in a like very, very, nice high rise, to look at the sunset every day, to look at the sunrise every morning, I don't, I lied, I don't look at the sunrise, I don't wake up in time, but you guys get the idea, you know what I mean, like that's what, that's what I want, and so what worked for me, won't necessarily work for you, you have to understand your ICP, so I will agree with them, it's just like, you have to look back at their, their, their market research form and understand like, hey, like what do these ICP even want, if they want just like more peace, and more freedom, a park would be amazing, going to a green park,
would be amazing. Something like that.


@46:03 - maeva
Yeah, I noticed that because, sorry, even like Shelby Sapp, she doesn't, I mean, of course, she has like the nice portions, but her content is so light in terms of like the colors and the setting, and I feel like that's why she attracts a lot of girls and like the pink colors as well, but the issue is so, like, I'm not that girly, I love the, you know, like high rise, I love the dark settings, because I grew up in like a big city, so I love this, you know, dark lifestyle.
So, do you think like, knowing that my ICP probably likes lighter settings, I should just like force myself to try and look more girly?


@46:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Play around with it, but it comes down to market research, like what does your ICP actually want? So, I would ask the top 20% of your clients, hey, would you rather watch me with a nice background in a park, or would you rather watch me in a nice background with X, Y, Z, whatever?
Like, I've done the split testing, I know what works for my ICP, you guys love the high rise, the background, you know, like.
You guys love that stuff. You guys eat that up. And so that's what I've leaned into. And so I've done my research already.
I've done that. So maybe now it's your turn to do that. Okay?


@47:09 - maeva
Appreciate it. Of course.


@47:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up, brother?


@47:13 - Andrew Wilkes
Not a question, but when it comes to what you're saying about getting into your element or your flow, one of the biggest things that I do when I do the emotional grabbing kind of content, especially for YouTube, is I'll wear my AirPods or my headphones and literally listen to blue to green or the audio that I'm kind of mimicking.
And it gets me in like that, like, like poet flow state of like matching it. It also helps if you listen to like the audio, you know, you want for the video.
If it's short form, listen to it first and go over it with the audio playing. And then, know, your tonality for the video to like align with the audio.
That's something that helps a lot.


@47:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's, that's game, bro. That's sauce. Yeah, that helps me a lot.


@47:51 - Andrew Wilkes
Oh yeah.


@47:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Just throwing on like a bit of like classical music or something, huh?


@47:56 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, literally, dude, put, then I'll put them because screw copyright. I'll put them in the YouTube videos and stuff, like some jazz or something, I'll play in the background, it just like adds to the vibe, it's nice, I like it.


@48:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it, that's sauce right there, like you guys gotta get in that state, and Andrew's starting to understand this now, bro, you're starting to understand it, I love it.


@48:15 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, it's like sports, dude, you listen to music that hypes you up before the game or something like that, it's the same thing.


@48:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I mean, unless you're like a psycho, I don't know an athlete that doesn't listen to like a bit of pre-game hype, pre-game rap music or something, and then you go on the field and you crush it, you know?
But yeah, that's sick, that's sick, that's game right there. Kevin, what's up, man?


@48:37 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, I was also gonna just add on top of that too, who here likes movies? Yeah, I love them, bro.
Yeah, so the best way that we can get into our deep emotional storytelling is simply just by watching those movies, the movies that inspire us, the movies that connect with us the most.
And if you're ever wondering, and how to actually put that into your content to really afflict the emotion on the story that you're trying to tell, simply just listen to cinematic music.
If you listen to anything by like Hans Zimmer, or there's a few other ones, I'm going to send a song as an example, but anything with like cinematic strings, something that just like that you hear in like World War I, World War II movies, those can easily put you into the mood of whatever story you're trying to convey, and it will feel emotional, even if it's something like ridiculous, like it will still feel dramatic.
The whole point of having a dramatic video is that it afflicts emotion. And when you're able to emotionally grab those people through your story, through your mission, through your struggles, through all the things that you've been through, or even something happy, like, you know, like how you made 100k in a day.
Yeah. Adding that cinematic flair will immediately attach people to your content.


@50:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Hands down. Yeah.


@50:03 - Kevin Walton
and if there's one song I could recommend, just like, kind of give you a little starting point, I'm just going to grab real quick.
It's called Twilight. I'm going to send me a Spotify.


@50:14 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah.


@50:15 - Kevin Walton
Twilight by, his name is Kyle Pearson. So, I'll add to that as well.


@50:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I, I'm naturally not a creative person, no matter what you guys might think. I'm someone that it's like, you know, straight up, I'm very straight to the point.
I'm very business oriented. I love to say this all the time. I was a business owner that got forced to get good at content because I understand the importance of it.
I'm assuming majority of are the same. We kind of do content for the sake of leads, for the sake of sales, and then eventually converted into like, hey, I want to impact people.
want to help people, all that. And my content can do that. So, one thing that I've been doing that has been really helping, I watch two movies a month.
I watch two movies a and you will understand that like these people are amazing at like they are so creative and so here's what I've done I've like you guys understand I have an obsessive personality so when I want to get good at something I get good so for me to get good at creativity I have made so many more friends in fashion and I've studied that stuff fast people in fashion people in art people in design people in all that are the most creative people so if I can talk to them on a regular basis I understand how they think you know and so I'm talking to people that are in fashion I'm talking to people that are doing fashion content I'm reaching out to them I'm just asking like hey like you want to connect all of that stuff I'm kind of picking their brains and understanding how they think I'm watching movies I'm taking inspiration I'm listening to more music all of these things I'm understanding what goes into a creative person how to use a different side of my brain because so often we use one side of
For our brains so much, because it's all business, but the complete other side of the brain is all creativity.
So you only focus on the business side, and you wonder why you're not creative in your content, because we don't ever use it, and we only talk to other business people.
So make it a goal to make some friends outside of the industry. You know, talk to some fashion people, understand like what goes into nice pieces, what makes a movie a movie, what, you know, what angles do they take?
one thing that we're going to do as well, we're going to do like a bunch of shots where I'm going to, it's going to be a talking head reel, but instead of it being a regular talking head, we're going to have someone in front of me, and there's going to be their, the back of their head and a bit of their ear in the shot.
Do you know when it's a dialogue between two different people? That makes it that much better, because now it's like, oh, he's talking to somebody.
I'm not looking at the camera, it's different. The packaging is different. All these little details add up, and I will say a lot of you...
already have that obsessive personality, get to it, you know, like, I learned this stuff, and man, my fashion was so bad two months ago, I set aside like, you know, an hour a week, two hours a week to study what actually goes into a good outfit, like, that's how much I study that stuff, I'm so like, I'm so weird, bro, even saying this out loud, I sound weird as heck, but that's the level of obsession that you guys must have if you want to get good at something that you're not, okay, okay, so make the friends, watch the movies, get inspiration, all of these things, they'll all help out, they will all help out, because it's all the packaging, I appreciate it, leather jacket was tough, but yeah, Ned, what's up, man?


@53:46 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I think I asked my question. Oh, you already asked it? My question was, um, on YouTube, I tend to, like, I post, like, the content that I'm, like, , this is, like, actually, generally,
I've changed them for someone. Like, if they watch this, it's like a, maybe a mastermind piece that's taken from an actual mastermind.


@54:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly. Genuine value.


@54:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
It doesn't perform very well. But then the content that I, like, make that I actually think is less valuable, performs better.
I don't know the way you go about YouTube and, like, when I say it doesn't perform, like, I'll get some that get a few thousand views and some that literally get a hundred, if not less, that are more valuable.


@54:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, you're looking at it from the perception of yourself, which is the biggest mistake you can make as a person creating content.
You need to look at the content from the perception of someone that you're trying to target, which is why the market research and the brand and, you know, the understanding of who you're trying to target is so important.
Why am I always on one-on-ones? Obviously, to help you guys, but a big part is to also understand how you guys think so that I'm never out of touch.
If I never spoke with you guys and I'm always just in my own thing, I will have such a different perception.
Perception compared to you guys, that I think this concept of peace will rip, but it won't, because I don't understand you guys.
So the way I look at client calls, it's two birds with one stone. Not only can I help my clients, but I can understand how they think.
I can understand what makes them feel a certain way, what really agitates them, you know? Like, that's the best part.
So, Ned, to break it down, you're just looking at your concept from the perception of yourself, not your client.
And you just have to, like, be able to snap your fingers and be like, okay, I want to think, like, 5 to 10K a fitness coach now.
Here's what he would, here's how he would look at this reel. And then from there, that's how you get good, okay?
80% of content comes down to your market and how well you understand them. Because if you truly understand them as well as you think you do, you'd be able to say the hook and immediately grasp your attention, would you not?
It's that simple. But you don't, because you haven't spent the... Time to do it. So, you know, in the upcoming weeks, we'll have a bunch of work sheets, a bunch of exercises for you guys to do for the cohort stuff.
It's going to be really, really fun. Seriously fun. Okay. Yeah, it's going to be good. Ned, that answer it, bro?
Yeah, yeah, it does.


@56:18 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Awesome. Beautiful.


@56:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Emma, what's up? How can I help?


@56:22 - Emma Lavri
It's not specifically a question, but I want to share something that worked really well for me to attract my ICB.
And it is doing the complete opposite of what my whole niche is doing. Like, I just did the complete opposite because everybody was recording in really nice studios with the best high quality.
And the only thing I did was walking down the street, have a friend with me record me as if I'm giving him real advice.
I went really viral, but like good virality. And then it attracted my ICB and a lot of people bought me just from those videos.
Zero artificial lighting, like zero complexity, just me with the phone talking. about what I'm good at. Literally, I'm doing that.


@57:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There you go.


@57:04 - Emma Lavri
I love it.


@57:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's going against the grain, but you see the funny part is like your niche is so professional, but then some, like, let's say right now there's too many people that are unprofessional.
So now if you're professional, you're still going against the grain. So you guys got to study your competition and understand like what are they doing and what will make you stand out.
Perception shouldn't be like it's this and this only. I'm not saying film with a nice camera, always film with a nice background.
If people are already doing that in your industry, do the opposite. And Emma, you have how many, you have a lot of followers, huh?


@57:36 - Emma Lavri
I have 2,000, 230,000. Yeah. 230,000.


@57:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
A lot.


@57:43 - Emma Lavri
And also, by the way, I want to add that you said at the beginning, like replicate video ideas. So I replicated one of your ideas where you were sharing, well, it was a bit different, but you were sharing to your mom how much you made that month.
And then I recorded how I made the payment of your course. Worse, literally, like, how he bought the program and everything, and it went incredibly viral, 150,000 views, and tons of people texted me just because of that video.
Wow. Like, insane, insane, just recording their reaction, why I did it, everything, it worked.


@58:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There you go, there you go, I love it, I love it, because, okay, let's break that down, actually, because that video performed well, because it was, the idea itself was so crazy, spending X amount on something online, and whatever, like, first of all, people already have judgments towards online space, so they think that, oh, she's getting scammed, whatever, you know, they already have judgments.
That's true, yeah. And so, there are going to be people fighting in the comments, naturally. Yep. They're going to be, and correct me if we're wrong, that helped with the engagement and all that, and, you know, like, that idea to even film it was very, very smart, and you executed it the right way, and then you also broke down, like, why you did it, and then that appealed to your ICP, all of that, but the idea behind that was that it's so hard to replicate, because if you want to replicate,
the same video, you needed to spend that amount. So, good on you, Emma, that was perfect, because it's so controversial, but it's also extremely hard to replicate, because not a lot of people are willing to spend that much money.


@59:12 - Emma Lavri
Yeah, and I also had to convince George to not pay on the call.


@59:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I love that, I love that, but yeah, there you go, that's sauce for you guys, okay? Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
Any other questions, guys? Go ahead, brother.


@59:33 - Andrew Wilkes
So, if you had to break down your ICP into, like, a sentence, and then from there, go into your content, and go, these three pieces of content are what grabs them, what would those be?
Break down my ICP in a sentence, and these three content pieces attract them? Yeah.


@59:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, I mean, my ICP is someone that runs in a consulting company that is struggling with lead flow and book calls.
That's ultimately, like, the fundamental... so... ... so sentence that describes who I'm trying to attract. The concept form that will attract them is me showing that I have a desired outcome.
That's the first one because that builds curiosity. So me showing that I had 100K a day, me showing that I do this, I do that, I have this desired outcome, that essentially sparks a ton of curiosity, which leads to my middle funnel where they actually give a about me.
Too many of you skip that and it goes straight to this and you wonder why nobody understands this or nobody wants to watch this.
My middle funnel videos still get a few, like multiple five figs because I have that curiosity loop from the top of funnel that drives them over here to the middle funnel.
And so now when I talk about a content strategy that works for me, you're willing to be interested, right?
So that's the format that always does well. Obviously, the middle funnel where I actually get the strategy, content advice, all of that, that helps out a ton as well.
And then, like, actually, like, what is the strategy that don't Implementing. And so it feels like a behind-the-scenes access.
then bottom of funnel would just be client testimonials, case studies, interviews, and the fact that, hey, he didn't just do it for himself, he can do it for other people as well.
So it's top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel. Top of funnel is to create curiosity. Middle of funnel is to show what you're doing to get the top of funnel result.
And then bottom of funnel is to show people that you're good at what you're doing and you can help other people do it as well.
Okay. Okay.


@1:01:27 - Andrew Wilkes
Perfect. Thank you. I was curious based on yours. Yeah.


@1:01:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. All right, guys, let's go ahead and wrap it up here. I do want to hang out with you guys for a bit longer.
So I'm going to tap into the lounge, the Discord lounge. I'm just going to be there for another 10, 15 minutes.
Just chill with you guys. can talk about life, talk about business, talk about whatever. I want everyone there unmuted.
So if you're going to, if you have a bit of time, just hop in for a bit. We'll chat out, we'll talk, talk and, you know, do what we got to do.
And for the rest of you, I hope you guys have a blessed rest of your day and I'll see you guys on Friday.
Okay. Take care, guys. Have a good one. Cheers, man.


@1:02:03 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Bye. See ya.


Friday Q&A - March 21
Friday Q&A - March 21


VIEW RECORDING - 51 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - SooWei Goh
Two-hour layover. No, but I was thinking about coming for like maybe a weekend or so. Why not? Why not?
Meet me, meet the team. If you come in April time, it'll be perfect because George and them are all back in London, so it'll be good.


@0:13 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, I'll fly back like April 6th because school starts here again, but yeah.


@0:18 - SooWei Goh
Yeah. Sick. Sick. Cool. Kennedy, how are you? You're all good?


@0:23 - Kennedy Davis
I'm doing well. I'm doing well. Awesome.


@0:26 - SooWei Goh
Awesome. I'm good. I'm blessed. I can't complain. I'm in Vienna, as I said, and we're attending this like really cool mastermind.
These guys do it pretty big. So what we're trying to take away from them is like how they host events because I want to host internal client meetups across the board for us.
And yeah, it's just going to be fun because I feel like the Zoom stuff is cool, but in person would be even crazier.


@0:52 - Kennedy Davis
You know what mean? By chance, are you going to Bali next month?


@0:57 - SooWei Goh
Bali. No, no, no, no.


@0:58 - Kennedy Davis
How come? Are you going to? Are you going No, because, no, no, no, one of my friends who's also, yeah.


@1:05 - SooWei Goh
Okay, nice. Yeah, I'm just going for like one event, seeing how they run it, steal their stuff, and then implement for ours so that we can improve the community.
But yeah, cool. Awesome. I appreciate you guys being patient, first of all. Seriously, seriously, appreciate it. And yeah, we'll run this call as normal.
Let's go ahead and start off with a general Q&A, and we'll take it from there. Whatever questions you guys have, feel free to just unmute, raise your hand, whatever you want to do, and then we can get to answering your questions.
Okay. Why is everyone so shy today? What's going on? Am I missing something?


@1:52 - Andrew @drutransforms
Everyone's so friendly today.


@1:56 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Is this literally just like you ask any questions?


@1:59 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mean, try to make it general so that it applies to everybody. We'll get to general questions first and then specialize in a bit.
I like to say it, you know, when I'm part of coaching communities, programs, just things where I'm learning, I abuse the group calls.
I don't know why you guys know. I straight up abuse the group calls because I know how much value is in, you know, getting actual insight from people.
The person that's actually just running this whole thing. If you guys use group calls the right way, I just want you to know that this can essentially be your one-on-one call.
That's how I treat a group call. You know what I mean?


@2:42 - Andrew @drutransforms
So... I'll start with that if you want. Oh, are you saying something? Oh, go for it, bro. Go for it.


@2:49 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, I don't know how it runs, so I just want to straight up just come in with the questions.
My first one, if you're only going for it.


@2:56 - SooWei Goh
Basically, when you do the stories, you're going for Yeah.


@3:00 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I've story sequences and I've done quite a few myself and they've been good. What was interesting when you do them?
What's your actual intention behind them? If you think about what's the core behind them, not just in the process of doing them, what are you thinking behind every single story sequence that's key to making that makes all story sequences good?


@3:21 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, okay. Perfect question. Amazing question. Okay, I just want to say that. So the first thing before you even create the story is you have to figure out what you even want.
So too many of you are so quick to rush towards doing something with no intention, and then it flops, it gets zero views, and then you wonder why it doesn't work.
It's because you didn't like any awareness first. So I like to make I like to break it down. When it comes to being a business owner, you guys have to have the awareness.
awareness of what you're trying to even do. So what is the message that I'm trying to share in this story?
What do I want to make them feel? sentenced ask Make Pile Go? So awareness, that's the first part. Like, what is your intention?
What is the best case outcome of this specific story? So the one that I posted recently, we can dive into that together.
I think that'll be really good to break down because I think that you're referring to like my stories and my recent ones, especially, right?
The first part is awareness. So I need to figure out, okay, like, first of all, before I even script out anything, what do I want my audience to feel when they consume this story?
Where's the best case scenario? Now, as you guys know, we're doing well this month. We're doing well this month.
And right now, like, we're going through a pretty big rebrand in terms of the way that we do fulfillment.
We're actually going and pivoting into a full-on content and just branding, branding overhaul, like personal branding one-on-one. Absolutely doing that.
And so my whole goal is like, hey, I can, you know, obviously do a launch. We're already going to get a ton of clients during launch.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
But what I wanted to do with this story was I wanted to create a lot of FOMO. I want to create a lot of FOMO and show...
Tell people that I'm the best at what I do, and there's no one better than me. So let's start off with how do I grab my audience's attention.
So now you guys know the awareness. What am I trying to instill in my audience's beliefs? What message am I trying to send across?
So now that you know that, we have clarity on exactly what we want to do. And clarity is just understanding the frameworks of how to actually show that you're good at what you do.
And like execute on the message that you're trying to send over. And so the best way I always talk about this is proof.
What does your client want? So my clients want them, want their companies to do well. And so if I say that, hey, we're pacing 600K for the month, we're signing dream clients.
There's tons of content in the pipeline. We have momentum. Ned, would you agree that's what you would want as well?


@5:52 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, I have a question. Like before you even create the story, when you say you figure out what you generally, want from the story.
Like, what do you mean by that? Because obviously it's going to be leads, it's either going to be like engagement, it's either going to be like some sort of CTA, trust, or some form of engagement, right?
Like, when you say that, what do you mean in terms of what you generally want from it?


@6:14 - SooWei Goh
So it honestly depends on what season we're in, right? If I'm in the season where if I'm doing a CTA and I'm getting no DMs, I know that, hey, instead of me trying to get them to DM again, let me build up that pipeline to get them interested in what I even have to say.
How do I build enough trust? So this one specifically was, first of all, like, it was a very, like, direct, like, hey, do this.


@6:38 - wyatt
You know what mean?


@6:39 - SooWei Goh
Like, have enough proof to where you want to do this. So that was the main thing with this. Okay, I think Wyatt was unmuted.
But the whole goal of me doing a CTA was like, I knew there was already pent up demand and pent up trust, which is why when I asked for a CTA, it performed well.
So when you guys do CTAs in your stories, and no one swipes up, or there's no good reaction, that just means there's no pent-up trust, so you should spend the next three to four days, or even a whole week, building enough trust, and showing them, hey, this is why you should like me, this is why you should listen to me, this is why I'm different from every person you've ever tried, all of these different things, with no ask.
Does that make sense? Does it make sense? Cool. So, March has been incredible, all this, and then, again, the first impression, like, I'm constantly reading my client's mind.
I know that people are going to be like, okay, you're making this much, but how about your clients? I know it.
Because what did I do before? I did the market research that I talked about on Wednesday, right? Every single one of you should remember that.
So I did the market research, so I know that, okay, the moment that I show my results, people are going to be like, oh, so can you do it for your own clients?
Yes, you know, and then, you know, I can show Joey hitting 136k cash. I can show Gabe crossing his first 124k in 24 days.
I can show Jeremy hitting 52k in 14 days, right? And then, now you have a reason to listen to me.
So, do you see how my talking head video was not the first one that popped up? I gave you one, two, three, four different reasons to listen to me?
Not even four reasons to listen. Okay, I'm making a lot of money. I'm signing dream clients. I have tons of videos in the pipeline.
There's three reasons right there. I have one case study, two case study, three case study. I gave you six reasons to listen before I rambled on for a minute 30 in my stories.
And you're rambling on for a minute 30, giving them one or two reasons and wondering why it doesn't work.
You haven't given them enough of a reason to give a . Like, they don't care. And so I like to say this, it's like, imagine.
Imagine you're walking down a street, and there's 10 people on each side, 10 people on each side, and they're all shouting at that person walking down, of course you're not going to listen, because there's 20 people, there's 20 people shouting at them, trying to get their attention, but if you for once stopped trying to get their attention, but just told them why they should even listen to you, you stood out from everybody else, that's personal branding, personal branding isn't giving the best value, it's showing why you're different, and how you stand out in a market where everyone else looks the same.
One sec, one sec, one sec. I'm sorry, that's why when I went over the content stuff with you, brother, if you add that element, you go from shouting to like, oh, suddenly this guy understands me, this guy's from the same background, this guy has the same thousand.
Morals. Now I want to listen to you more. You know what I mean? So it's like you give them so many reasons to listen to you because, again, you imagine your prospect or the person that comes across your reel is walking down that street.
Ten person on each side. How many content people, how many people that do personal branding give value? You can probably list like dozens, right?


@10:23 - Moussari
Yeah.


@10:24 - SooWei Goh
Dozens.


@10:25 - Moussari
So you're just another one of them.


@10:27 - SooWei Goh
You don't look different. But the moment that you add that personalization, and the moment you talk about your struggles or how you grew up or your morals and values and everything, that's when you really are able to just like capture them.
So you imagine your prospect going down that street. That's what you guys want to be thinking about. Okay? Cool.
Ned, what were you about to say?


@10:52 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I was just about to say, so also, I've just seen why it's in here. If that's how you say your name.
By the way, you basically closed. I I was going to pay DMs, like, you're cool. I watched it, the recording, and I was just like, oh, like, I asked your DM set if I could pay in the DMs.
Like, after watching that, I was like, oh, it's quite sick. Like, good to see this guy's killed it. I knew if he was giving a presentation in the community, and he was passionate about it, then the community was going to be good.
So, anyway, what I was going to say is, so basically what you do is you first give your clients what they want, so you show that you have it in your business exactly what they want, and then you prove that you've done it for other people, and then you give the, like, the belief, the lesson, or the reason behind what you learned from that, that caused that.


@11:40 - SooWei Goh
Is that right? Yeah, exactly. Start with market research, brother. Start with market research, understand what they truly want. It'll answer 99% of your questions, and you'll understand how to structure it.
You can follow that current structure for now, but the way that you really get good at creating your own structures and doing it free flow is by doing the market research and going through the modules, okay?


@12:00 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Okay, cool. I don't understand the way you necessarily went about it, but that's cool.


@12:06 - SooWei Goh
Awesome, guys. Maeva, what's up?


@12:10 - maeva
Okay, so wait, you're in Austria, right?


@12:13 - SooWei Goh
Yeah.


@12:14 - maeva
Are you going to the A Players event?


@12:17 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@12:18 - maeva
Nice. I'm going to the one in Paris, so just like let me know how it goes.


@12:22 - SooWei Goh
Awesome, love it.


@12:23 - maeva
Yeah, so just one question. I've been doing some DM setting, and I've been following the framework of giving value, like a ton of value in the DMs.
I did notice, though, that the value I was giving because I feel like my middle funnel, like YouTube content isn't dialed in enough in terms of like giving specific solutions.
I was just giving applicable information in the DMs and I've been doing some DMs where I'm just like giving straight sauce and they're super engaging.
They're telling me everything. But when it comes to the pitch, they just straight up ghost me. Would you say that that is a lack of authority in the context?
And in, let's say like YouTube, or they're not nurtured enough, or would you say that that's an appointment setting issue?


@13:06 - SooWei Goh
Okay, you want the harsh truth?


@13:08 - maeva
Yeah.


@13:09 - SooWei Goh
The value isn't good enough. That's why. So imagine if- appointment setting? In general, in general. So I want you to imagine like, okay, if you've been trying to go viral or attract a bunch of clients with your content for six months, and suddenly, someone comes to you with advice that you've never heard before, and that, you know, you've never even like thought about, and they completely changed the way that you approach content, and from the little advice that you gave them, they were able to really like understand, hey, this is why I'm struggling, and this is why I've been stuck for years, if not months, that they're going to buy from you.
And so the fundamental reason is why, the reason why is because the value is just not good enough. And so no matter what you do in the appointment setting, no matter what you're doing-
Closing, and anything, it all stems from the cause, which is the value just isn't good enough. So the question shouldn't be like, oh, what should I do in the DMs and what should I do in that?
The question should be like, how can I make my value so good that I create a gap in their mind and make them understand why they've been stuck so that they look at me as the only solution to their problems?
That's how you want to do it. And the best way to do it is not actually by giving the value, it's by creating context to make them realize how valuable their value even is.
So if I sat here and I gave the exact same value that you gave, I would, like, first of all, the thing that changes is that people have context, right?
People have context that I've helped a lot of people, I've helped at this point over a dozen coaches get 100K a month.
It feels like I know something that they don't. So the positioning is already stronger. So even if we say the same thing, the positioning is already stronger.
You need to really pinpoint, like... What is that main thing that separates you from everybody else? And then also, is my content being spoken about, or is the value that I'm giving already spoken about online?
The key to giving good value is not by giving actionable items. It's by pointing them in the right direction and showing them where to go, but not how to go.
Because if they want the how, they'll pay you. So too many of you are too obsessed with, like, oh, do this, do this, do this, you get this result.
But what you're doing is you're actually training these people to constantly wait for your free content. Because they're just getting value off of your free content.
But if I show you where to go, but then not how to do it, you'd be like, okay, I have clarity, but I don't know what action I take.
That's where the gap comes in. So, you guys got to stop looking at the value as this thing that's going to save your business.
No, no, the best value explains why. That's people up and why they've failed over and over and over again, and it also creates a gap to make them realize that they can solve it on their own.
That's what good value does. And so the problem with actionable advice, yes, it does work, but you're actually training your audience to constantly wait for more.
And so why would he book in that call of you if he has a list of 10 things to do that he hasn't fully implemented yet, right?


@16:29 - maeva
But it's funny because in what I meant by actionable advice was actually me telling them what to do, but not how that's exactly what I was doing.
So like I was telling basically the girls that I was talking to in the DMs, like, you know, from what I can see in your content, it's like a content issue or like, you know, there's these things in your content that are, and but I never really give them like the specific how.
And then they would ask me how or just be like, okay, yeah, that makes sense. Like, I'm not sure how.
Do that. And then I would pitch them on the call and they would ghost me. So, like, I'm not sure who is there because I am doing that, I think.


@17:08 - SooWei Goh
If they're problem aware and you're pitching the call, send the conversation to George, first of all. But if everything that I'm hearing aligns, it's 100% the content issue.


@17:19 - maeva
Okay. 100%.


@17:20 - SooWei Goh
Because you're doing the right things on the sales call. Like, that's the perfect DM setting process pitch. You're finding the problem, making them aware that they can't do it by themselves.
They're asking out. And the next step is the logical call. The next logical solution is the call. So, I would say that's actually a really good DM process.
Don't stress about that. Send it to George to double check, just so that we know for sure. But it's most likely going to be a content thing and an authority positioning.


@17:48 - maeva
Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um, so that would apply for both like YouTube and then because I know Kim, she told me to lean more into like middle funnel for short form.


@17:58 - SooWei Goh
But should I do that with YouTube? Thank you. Yeah, why not?


@18:02 - maeva
Okay, one last question, a little bit more general, but are you going to be in London in October?


@18:09 - SooWei Goh
Oh, I don't know. You plan yourself out far, huh?


@18:13 - maeva
Yeah.


@18:14 - SooWei Goh
I have no clue if I'm being completely honest. It's funny you say that. Guys, I graduate this year in July, which is insane.
I'm graduating university, I'm getting an actual bachelor's degree. And I'm going to hang it on my mom's wall. It's going to be so cool.
So I'm going to document that whole thing. think it'll be really cool. And I'm graduating in July. So August and September, I'll definitely be home in Malaysia.
So I can't tell you for sure where I'll be in October, but I'll let you know. I'll let you know.
I don't know how you plan that far out, but yeah.


@18:50 - maeva
I will say one thing that I think everybody agrees with the fact that you're in uni. One thing that I noticed is that makes you stand out so much because in this space of
Where everybody's like, oh, you know, like, school, like school, escape the matrix, dah, dah, dah, dah. And you're doing this while still being in uni.
That's crazy. So, yeah, just props to you for that.


@19:09 - SooWei Goh
I appreciate it. And, you know, the cool thing is, I love to piggyback off of that. You all have that one thing, but you just haven't like actually talked about it yet.
Like, why do I even talk about, like, it's strategic, first of all, because I don't say like, oh, university is my whole life.
I say I balance the business while in university. And what is the perception that it creates? This guy's not working as much as me.
That's the first thing that you think about. Because I'm full-time. I don't do basketball. I don't really have a social life.
I just work on my desk 12 hours a day and he's quadrupling my income. So what the is he doing?
What does that do? It creates a curiosity loop. It opens a loop to make you wonder like, yo, what does this guy even do?
Which gives you enough of a reason to consider. So before I even told you anything, I got you curious, you know, so every single one of you has that, you guys do have that, but you're not, you're just not showing it, or you're not, you don't even understand it, so talk to your clients, figure out what is the thing across the board that people are really resonating with you for, and all that, yeah, Asian helps as well, guys, I don't think you understand, me saying that, hey, I'm still, in university, I'm Asian, I'm doing this, I'm studying finance, I'm doing whatever, that helps with the perception, because they naturally think I'm smarter, and what do people want, people struggle with systems, people struggle with numbers, I lean into my stereotype, you know what I mean, like, y'all just gotta, like, figure this out, like, it's fun, I'm telling you, it's fun, you guys just gotta stop treating content so seriously, take it, you know, like, take jabs at yourself, see where you can improve, like, oh, I used to, like, you.
Never wanted to be called, like, Asian and stuff, but I've leaned into that so heavy in my marketing because I know it creates the image, which is what I talked about on the Wednesday call.
So, Ned, you're new. Watch the Wednesday call, man. Sauce, okay? And, you for those that missed the Wednesday call, watch that call as well because I always talk about image and perception.
Why do I lean into the fact that I'm in university? I'm Asian. I'm good with numbers. All of these things.
It just creates the image that I want. It creates the image that I really, really want. So, just to piggyback off of that, Maeva, like, that's what you guys should all double down on.
And the moment that you find, you know, one or two, three unique edges that you have, you combine them together, you guys can make so much money.


@21:46 - maeva
Okay? Mm-hmm. Yeah. If you could just one sentence, if you could give one sentence to answer the question where people, where you know that your ICP is subconsciously asking themselves, Bro, you're in uni, you're Asian.
How are you doing it?


@22:01 - SooWei Goh
If you could answer in one sentence, what would it be? I've built systems that work without me being in a day-to-day.
So what do people actually want? When my ICP hears systems, they start going crazy. Like, oh my gosh, I need systems.
I have no process. That's what people want. So again, it ties back to the market research. When we do this live cohort, it's going to be really, really good because I'm completely revamping the way that we do market research, giving you guys some examples.
So that'll help out, okay?


@22:36 - maeva
Yeah. Thank you.


@22:37 - SooWei Goh
Awesome. Kevin, what's up, man?


@22:39 - Kevin Walton
How are you? What's up, man? I'm good. How are you?


@22:42 - SooWei Goh
Good. Good, good, good. Good to see you.


@22:43 - Kevin Walton
How can I help, brother? Yeah. I also want to say a while ago, congrats on the 100. You made 100K in a day.
I didn't say that in the last questionnaire. I just want to really say that. So I'm just figuring out some more free products to give out.
It's just for value. And you're kind of... I've talked about this, I was just wondering, what was your best free product that actually built your trust that you gave out?


@23:08 - SooWei Goh
Okay, before I answer that, what's the intent with the question? What are you trying to get out of it?


@23:12 - Kevin Walton
Are you trying to figure out what's the best product for you to create? Yeah, I just like getting some ideas of some more CTA stuff, some more story content to possibly give out.
I'm just seeing some potential ideas. don't know if that makes sense.


@23:29 - SooWei Goh
So the first question you should ask is, is Sooee's ICP similar to my ICP? Because no matter what I answer, no matter what answer I give you, if we're selling to two completely different types of people, it doesn't make sense to even listen to what I'm selling, right?
So that's the first thing you got to understand. I really want you to grasp that fully, because it doesn't make sense for me to give you the freebie that I did, because if you're not talking the same ICP, what's the point?
Right? That's the first The second thing is, the question is, do you really need a freebie? I'd argue that, man, that's the last thing you need right now.
You know what you've got to do, but you're avoiding the work because this sounds cool. It's new. It's fun to build a free product because it makes you feel productive.
But does it actually lead to revenue? I can tell you right now, it's not going to lead to any more revenue.
How many freebies have you posted already?


@24:26 - Kevin Walton
I mean, I've posted a lot on my channel. I think I've posted about like five, five actual digital.


@24:33 - SooWei Goh
Okay. So you have, you technically have more than me. Like that I, that I cycle around.


@24:41 - Kevin Walton
Okay.


@24:42 - SooWei Goh
And so the focus is on the wrong place, brother. If I gave you, I'll answer this, but I just want to, I just want you to know your focus is on the wrong place because you think that you need this thing, but bro, you don't need, you don't need, you you know, like freebie leads and people that opt in for a free resource.


@24:59 - Kevin Walton
No.


@25:00 - SooWei Goh
just need to post consistent content, good top-of-funnel, middle-funnel content that resonates with your ICP, and you need to do the hard work in the DMs, do the basics, set, it's boring, but it gets you, it makes you money, and I would do you the service if I just said, hey, I have this freebie, go and create one, because now you spend all your time, you spend the next week, oh, you know, like, I'm going to create this freebie, I'm going to type this up, do this cool thing, and then you get 20 leads that opt in, and the 20 leads don't even care about your service.
It's because they just got free value from you, so, understand your, like, this is a lesson for everybody, understand, like, what is your actual problem, and if I just did one thing this week, would that solve this problem?
So, Kevin, what's your, what's your main problem right now? Number one problem?


@25:49 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, just more, um, middle-funnel, bottom-funnel for sure.


@25:54 - SooWei Goh
But what, why? Like, why, why do you even want, so that's the solution, but what is the actual problem?


@25:58 - Kevin Walton
What do you want to solve? Like, I guess, I mean, I guess it's simple, like finding more clients, like, finding more clients, so booking more calls.


@26:10 - SooWei Goh
Yeah. So the thing is, the fact that it took that long to answer that question, you're trying to get to the action without even having awareness or clarity.
Do you see why it's very easy to run around in circles now? Yeah, you know, because you never actually sat down and thought, like, what is the problem I'm even trying to solve?
Instead of me just doing busy work, And a bunch of stuff to make myself feel good. What is the one problem that if I solved this week, I would make 10x more money?
You all have that answer that right now.


@26:40 - Kevin Walton
Like, what is that?


@26:42 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, write it down on a piece of paper, and only focus on that thing and do things to only just solve that.
That's what it is. You know, and so it's like, Kevin, the biggest weakness for you that I need you, like, if you solve this 10x your business.
this your I don't want to know what's the next thing you're going to do. I want to know what is the one problem you have and what is the one thing that you're going to do to fix it.
Because if your job is finding more clients, because let's specify, finding more clients is vague. That's like overall everything, right?
Correct me if wrong, but it's just a lack of demand for your offer. There's a lack of intent on the social media side.
No one's really inbounding, correct?


@27:26 - Kevin Walton
Yeah.


@27:28 - SooWei Goh
Okay, so no one's inbounding. So if I create a freebie, but there's no demand for people to even see if my service works, or there's no authority built for someone to even consume the freebie, do you see how that doesn't make sense?
But creating better top of funnel and middle of funnel content by understanding your market research, your market and your ICP more would help out, would that not solve this problem directly?


@27:53 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, it would.


@27:55 - SooWei Goh
So instead of doing the market research and the boring work, you want to do the freebie. Okay. Thank you.
Thank But the freebie is distracting you and it's making you feel good when you have to do this thing, the market research.
Does that make sense? Across the board, every single one of you, like you guys should understand that. Because once you do it, business becomes easy.
We just get so used to wanting to solve the wrong, the new problem, the different problem, the stuff that we enjoy.
Who doesn't like creating new freebies, creating new products? It's fun. I'll tell, I can tell you firsthand it's fun because it's new.
And it feels productive, but it doesn't lead the business anywhere if there was no demand for the freebie in the first place.


@28:36 - Kevin Walton
Yeah. The one thing that I struggle with and I've struggled for so many years is the fact that I just don't know what to focus on.
That's important. That's just part of...


@28:44 - SooWei Goh
No, no, no. So even then, it's not that you don't know what to focus on. You know what to focus on, but you're just avoiding it because it's hard and you don't know how to solve it.
But you have to lean into that. Because the moment I lean into that, that's when my business exploded. on, Now, Now I'm My I'm sorry.
We're on track to do half a million this month. Think about how crazy that is. I am not solving 10 different problems at once.
No, I've mastered the positioning, you know, the market research. I just showed you guys my market research stuff yesterday, on Wednesday.
You know, I showed you the whole thing. My market research document, at my stage, after running an offer for a year, is more in-depth than the market research that you did in the beginning.
So you guys wonder like, oh, what am I doing differently? I just do the boring stuff for a very, very long time.
And I don't entertain new things. So that's the big, you know, that should be the big epiphany moment for you, Kevin.
Let's solve that. Lean into the boring . Get better at the content stuff.


@29:58 - Kevin Walton
We'll take it from there. Okay? Yeah. No, appreciate that.


@30:02 - SooWei Goh
Does that help?


@30:03 - Kevin Walton
It does help because I have been avoiding the most important thing or the more boring thing. just, it's like, oh, I'd rather do this.
And that's what I've been doing for long periods of time.


@30:17 - SooWei Goh
Yeah.


@30:17 - Kevin Walton
And I'm still doing it. And I guess I just don't really know where to, I don't know how to stop it really.
I'm just like, I mean, I do know how to stop it, but it's like, I just wish. I don't know.


@30:34 - SooWei Goh
You're in full control of your situation, bro. You, you know exactly what you need to do to stop it, but you're telling yourself you don't know.
So you feel better about yourself when you don't do it. What you need to do is you need to be fully aware of your thoughts and every single thing that passes through your mind, because you don't have full control over your thoughts and you're letting your brain dictate you.
Why do I, why do I meditate in the morning? Why do I spend 10 minutes a day meditating? I want to tell my mind that I'm in control of what I do.
And so when a thought comes in my Mind that's fun, entertaining, new. I don't do it. I don't do it.
It's not going to push your business forward. No point. It's going to make me feel good and happy at the end of the day.
But when I look at the monthly revenue, it's going to be stagnant. You know what you need to do, Kevin?


@31:17 - Kevin Walton
You just got to do it. All right? Yeah. Okay. All right.


@31:21 - SooWei Goh
Awesome. Thank you, Cool. Of course. I think you needed that, brother. And I'm rooting for you. All right? I'm rooting for you.
Rewatch this like three times, do whatever you got to do.


@31:30 - Kevin Walton
Yeah.


@31:30 - SooWei Goh
And for those that resonate with this, listen to it over again, because you guys are in full control. Full control.
All right?


@31:41 - Kevin Walton
Yeah. No, I appreciate it, And yeah, it actually reminds me of one thing I read in one of my books.
It's a motto that goes, I am not my thoughts. I am what I do. And it's like, everything starts mentally.
Your thoughts become words. Your words become actions. Your actions become habits. Your habits become you. Your character becomes your destiny, things like that, so.


@32:04 - SooWei Goh
There you go, bro.


@32:05 - Kevin Walton
Love it. Thank you, Appreciate it.


@32:07 - SooWei Goh
Of course, Wyatt asked, what's my A-plus problem? I'll tell you guys what my A-plus problem is. It's not going to relate to any of you guys.
So don't even think like, oh, I should do this now. So with solving this problem, I should do... No, no, no.
My A-plus problem right now is just like, really understanding where my time is best put, and how can I constantly get in rooms where I'm the small person, like I'm the small fish.
I'd say like, that's the main thing. So it's not like, oh, you know, it's like a content issue or that specific thing.
Like, not really. We have enough leads. We have enough things going on. Obviously, everything can constantly be improved. But where can I put my time to get the most reward out of it?
Figuring out what I should outsource and figuring out what I need to focus on is definitely my A-plus problem.
So... At scale, guys are to understand that like your time and you know where you put your focus on as a founder is so important.
And this goes for every single one of you. Like if you're constantly doing new stuff that makes you feel good, it's not going lead to anything, you know, but for me, I understand that to a T, which is what, which is what has brought me to this point.
But yeah, why I'll book the one I want to do. Let's figure it out together. Cool. Kennedy, how can I help?
Yeah, you're nodding along with everything, huh? Everything was just hitting, hitting, hitting you as well.


@33:30 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, no, that was good.


@33:31 - SooWei Goh
What you said to Kevin, I think just like overall, I think we, it's so easy to be distracted and we need that reminder almost constantly, which is good.


@33:41 - Kennedy Davis
Just like to me, I pray in the morning and I do that, but like, I don't really focus and dial in like how you said you meditate probably on just like, actually, okay, your thoughts about the business, things like that.
So that was, my question is, though, you kind of touched on it a little bit when you were talking to Maeva, but essentially...
Can you go a little bit deeper when you say, because I think that's one of the things with content is the middle of funnel that I need to work on, when you said people mess up when they try to explain the how instead of just, or instead of explaining basically the why, like how do you do that effectively in your content where you, I guess the balance between value and then just exposing the problem and not telling them how to do that.
I guess I struggle with scripting that and how to portray that in my middle of funnel content, or just my content in general.


@34:35 - SooWei Goh
Okay, so the perfect analogy I'll give you. Yeah, I'll ask questions if I feel like, okay, I need a bit more clarity there.
But correct me if I'm wrong, the main question that you're trying to ask is like, how do you give enough value to where they kind of know like, okay, there's a gap and then there's already like a gap, but you're not giving them everything to solve it by themselves.
Right?


@35:00 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, because I've heard some other people, too, say, like, explain the why, explain the why. I think I heard, forget what his name is.
He's in Dubai. But anyway, I heard him say that, too, in a recent piece of content. But I'm like, how do you explain the why without, I don't know, it just, it doesn't connect for me yet.


@35:18 - SooWei Goh
Yeah. So, first of all, the first thing I'd say is, like, naturally with things like this, you just get better with reps.
With reps, repetition, you just do it over and over and over again, you will get better. Okay? So, when you get accustomed to always doing this, like, I've been doing this for, like, two, three years.
I'm naturally good at doing this. And that's how I think. So, the first step that you want to do is you want to understand, again, it always ties back to market research.
So, if you haven't nailed this down, there's no point of even asking this. For you, it's like, what has the ICP already tried?
What have they already tried? And explain why, why they're not at fault. But the strategy they tried is at fault.
What is wrong with the fundamental strategy? Because if you tell them, hey, what's wrong with you? They feel about themselves.
And when they feel about themselves, they don't want to listen to you because you made them feel . So you always got to understand humanist psychology.
You always want to blame the thing that they did. So they tried paid ads. Oh, of course, I'll give you an example.
Of course, you know, paid ads is not going to help out. If you haven't mastered organic, if you can't even convert a warm audience, how can you convert a cold audience?
That doesn't make any sense. Okay. First, we shift the blame, not on them, but to the solution that they tried.
So you guys got to understand, like, hey, even the people that are running the biggest ads right now, what do they all have in common?
They have the strongest personal brands. They post content every single day. They have nurturing platforms. They have a sales team.
They have all of these processes in place that even if they weren't running ads, would have been profitable. So what you need to do is you need to dial in your organic brand.
Because everyone else is doing it, not just me. need need You You need to Everybody else in the industry is doing it.
Think about the people that are spending the most, and then you can have a survey, a research case study.
Here's a list of the people that spent the most on ads. What do they all have in common? Brand, brand, brand, brand, brand.
So what do you know now? You know that you need to build a brand, right? And then the one thing that I could do is I could say, okay, I could help you solve the first problem.
So where's the first problem when comes to the content? Okay, positioning. So I'll help you solve positioning, but I don't tell you what format to run.
Does that make sense? So now you know what makes you different, but you don't know what format to run, to execute, to show people why you're different.
So it's like, you're right there. You know you're on the right path, but you just need that extra push, and that's when you're buying to me.


@37:44 - Kennedy Davis
Gotcha.


@37:45 - SooWei Goh
Does that make sense?


@37:46 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, yeah, no, that's, I think it's just, yeah, that makes sense.


@37:51 - SooWei Goh
The better you get at market research, the better this will be. So if you're struggling with that, chances are you don't understand your ICP as well as you think you do.
Because I thought, I thought that, Oh, I understand my ICP from head to toe, like 100%. But I promise you, the more you do this, the more you're running your business, the less relatable you're going to get and the less you're going to understand your ICP.
So you have to make it an action item on your to-do list to constantly do the market research and get back to that ground zero where your clients are at right now.
Because we're constantly elevating, elevating, elevating, but our client ICP is staying stagnant if you're not changing ICP. So you're up here, the last time you did market research was over here, you have these new set of beliefs because it's got you to where you are, and you completely forgot what they're doing over here.


@38:36 - Kennedy Davis
Right.


@38:37 - SooWei Goh
So make it make sense, it doesn't make sense, you know? So I would say like that personal branding, the paid ads one is perfect, perfect analogy.
And if you want to go, like, if you're struggling with this, anyone in this call, the way that you're going to really get over that hump is the market research stuff, okay?


@38:54 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, because even the perspective of, like, I have my ICP mapped out, but then... Even when you said, what have they tried, I feel like I haven't unlocked that question and knowing, okay, they done paid ads, like, and then it kind of clicked when you said, blame what they did.
So it's like, you're not really attacking that them, them as a person that they suck, they're incapable or whatever.
It's just like, you're saying that you've done this before and it didn't work out and then introduce a solution, but kind of hold like, yeah, I got you.
I got you.


@39:27 - SooWei Goh
It makes sense now though, huh?


@39:29 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah.


@39:29 - SooWei Goh
Yeah. And you see how you thought that you got this whole market research stuff nailed down, but then that one question I asked, you're like, oh, I never even thought about that.


@39:38 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, thanks.


@39:39 - SooWei Goh
There you go, all right?


@39:40 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah.


@39:41 - SooWei Goh
Awesome. I hope that helps, Candy. Ned, what's up, man?


@39:47 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, this is cool. Give me a lot of external perspectives, make me think, man. I recently, after joining, I was spending about six and a half K a month on lead formats.
I mean, mentioned, feel And I had a way better return on the IG ads that we're running, and just like cold outreach even, so I've decided to turn those off to go all in on this, because there's just so many things that I was doing with the lead form, and then this, that I was never properly putting effort into my personal brand, so I just thought, it, I'm going to go all in now that I'm doing this, and build that, and it's going well, we've got a 4k client today, pound on me and stuff, but the, and also Wyatt's thing got me thinking, , I need to go all in on this.
And stuff, but the, in terms of like the ads, you would say that are best for IG, because I don't want to stop that momentum of ads, so I'm not afraid to spend on ads, and I think they can be really good, as long as I'm really putting everything I know I can into the personal brand, but where do you say, in terms of IG follow ads, that for, that, that 6.5k is best spent, if that makes sense.


@40:53 - SooWei Goh
So, you have to actually do, so that's a question that, that's a question that your audience. We'll answer if you can pinpoint specifically what reel resonated with them.
So you need to get so good at pinpointing specific reels that resonated with people so that you can run them as ads.
Because if it works organically, the chances of them working as an ad is 10 times higher. So I'll give you an easy example.
then for us, what converts the best is client interviews, testimonials, case studies, that's across the board, right? Like, it's across the board, industry-wide, hey, if you have the testimonials and proof, people are going to want to work with you.
And so what better way to run ads to a boring testimonial? You know, like, in my eyes and what's working for us and what's working for tons of guys, again, we're not an ads program.
We just mainly help with content. But every time we do want a cash injection, we run ads. We know we're not run ads.
We show testimonials. So I generally think that testimonials... Testimonial ads are gonna be huge, and they've been working well for every single industry, every single, you know, industry leader, all of that.
So I don't see how you can go wrong with that. You know Will Nelson? Do you know Will Nelson?


@42:16 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, yeah, Will Nelson, yeah.


@42:18 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, so to give you guys a bit of context for those that don't know, he makes 1.7 million a month.
And he told me his ad strategy, it's just all testimonials, bro. Straight up. Just like, because what does the testimonial do?
First of all, the more high profile your client is, the better. Because if you show somebody that everyone knows, they're gonna be like, I know this guy, he got this result with this guy, they're gonna automatically associate you with him, and be like, they could potentially even ask your client, hey, what was your experience with Ned's program?
They can get their good input, that's all they need. So, you just gotta think, like, with a sophisticated type of buyer, Testimonial ads are extremely easy to run.
can do that. So, yeah. And yeah, I recommend every single one of you guys post that organically as well to build that trust and build that, build that demand.
Okay?


@43:08 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Thanks, man.


@43:09 - SooWei Goh
Cool. Does that help?


@43:11 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, that helps as well. So I'll look at the mix between like, what are my contents performing? Wow. Where are my clients engaging, following from, and then also run a fuckton of testimonial ads.


@43:22 - SooWei Goh
We got loads of testimonials as well, so it works. I mean, like, guys, what we're doing in April is going to be so fun.
We have like a dozen 100k month case studies. So guess what we're going to do? We're going to literally run 12 different 100k month case studies as a retargeting ad, and it's going to cook because you're going to be like, man, I follow this guy.
He provides good value. He has a new face for a 100k month case study every single day. This guy's good.
This guy has a on lock. You know, eventually pay, you know, so it's like constantly thinking about this stuff.
That's definitely something you guys should. Double down on it, and that's why Safeful Film is the most important, because it's the best marketing asset that nobody else can replicate.
Okay? Emma, first time meeting, how are you?


@44:10 - Emma Lavri
Hello, do you hear me right?


@44:12 - SooWei Goh
Yes, yes, yes, we can hear you.


@44:14 - Emma Lavri
Okay, okay, yeah, this is my first ever call. And I have the first call with Kim Chi, like probably in an hour, something like that.
So I just wanted to say that I'm also going to the event in Vienna, like I just arrived at the hotel.


@44:27 - SooWei Goh
Oh, you're in Vienna?


@44:28 - Emma Lavri
So we meet each other. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm also going.


@44:31 - SooWei Goh
Okay, perfect, awesome. Yeah, Let's see you tomorrow then.


@44:33 - Emma Lavri
Exactly, I just wanted to say that, because I don't have any questions yet, like I'm getting started up with everything, so really excited to be here and really happy to like to have you as a coach, actually, because I've been watching your content probably for like six months or so, and I'm from the Spanish market, so I thought I never ever, like I haven't seen any Spanish guy talking about this.


@44:54 - SooWei Goh
Yeah.


@44:55 - Emma Lavri
So I was like, okay, I have to bring this to the Spanish market as a woman, and maybe that can
Be also like my differential point, you know, like the same thing you were talking about that you're Asian, and I'm Russian and I live in Spain, so it's kind of a- There you go.
Awesome, welcome in.


@45:10 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, I'll speak to you tomorrow, it's gonna be fun, but you should definitely connect with Kennedy, you guys would be great to talk to, so if you guys just want to connect on your own time, it would be perfect, and welcome into the community.


@45:21 - Emma Lavri
Thank you very much.


@45:22 - SooWei Goh
See you tomorrow then. Yes, yes, I'll see you tomorrow. Cool. Any other questions guys? You guys are all good?
Oh, we gotta go ahead. Wyatt, is that you?


@45:43 - Wyatt Webber
Yeah, can you hear me?


@45:44 - SooWei Goh
What's Yes, what's up?


@45:45 - Wyatt Webber
Where you at? Uh, wait, actually, look at this, look at this, hold on. Coffee shop.


@45:52 - SooWei Goh
Okay, okay, you know the coffee shops right now, huh? Yeah, I'm recording, I'm recording a day and a life, because I posted on


@46:00 - Wyatt Webber
My story, poll of like what content, or not a poll, like a Q&A, what content you want to see, and it was like 90% of people said, I want to see your life, I want to see Dan.


@46:08 - SooWei Goh
Yeah, there you go.


@46:10 - Wyatt Webber
But my question would be, so I just got on my new editor, and like already the content is bringing in a ton more like super qualified people.
Curious, do you do, like for team calls, do you do it where it is like everyone on the same call?
Because what I have right now is three calls a week. We have everyone on the call, but then I'll also do like individuals with people if they need them.
What do you kind of do for that? How do you structure that?


@46:32 - SooWei Goh
So where did I look at it? I'll do, I'll have everyone on the team call twice a week, just to realign.
So we have them Wednesday and Friday. And then we have specific department calls. like a sales, sales team meet on Monday, and then a content team meet on Wednesday, something like that.
So okay, I don't want the thing is, like, there gets to a certain point where there's sludge. And what sludge is, is like, it's just like unnecessary that you have to
That stops you from doing the work. so instead of me being on calls with them all day, I just let them do their thing.
And then they come to me with a report, I fix whatever they need to do. But we're in constant communication throughout the day, throughout the week, with looms, messages, all that, you know?


@47:15 - Wyatt Webber
Okay, okay.


@47:16 - SooWei Goh
So that's the main thing. makes sense.


@47:18 - Wyatt Webber
Yeah, yeah. Most of my guys, or like both the guys that I have right now, they're pretty dialed in, where they'll just like, come to me, and I'll just wake up and the videos will be done, calls will be booked and everything.
So I think it'll be pretty easy to have them. But I wanted to make sure that they're like, like the setter knows what the editor is doing.
Because he's like editor slash creative director. So yeah, okay, perfect. I'll do that. Definitely don't need three calls a week with both of Yeah, yeah.


@47:41 - SooWei Goh
I will say like, sometimes as well, if I don't, if I don't have anything to go over, I won't take the call.
I'll be like, yo, we're all gonna waste 30 minutes of our time, because there's not much to go over, can cover it in a loom.
Go do your thing, you know, like go edit some videos, like just something like that. I won't. I say go edit your videos because that's such a mean thing to say, but you guys get the idea.
Go text some prospects.


@48:09 - Wyatt Webber
No, I think I could say that, they'd be like, okay, yeah, because both of them are at the point right now where they're like, I was up till 3am because I wanted to book extra calls for you, and I wanted extra videos for you, and my setter actually, it was time for me to pay him, and he's like, oh, I forgot about that, I just love working with you, and I'm like, let's go.


@48:29 - SooWei Goh
That's good, that's good. I think the best part about building a team, and you guys will experience this very soon, it's literally paying out your reps and your team members such high amounts.
Like, it's actually insane. I don't think you guys will actually, like, it's so hard to fathom, but, you know, some of my sales reps are going to do like 30k this month.


@48:51 - Wyatt Webber
Wow.


@48:52 - SooWei Goh
You and it's like, you guys are directly responsible for the people that are in your company to make them the money that they want to make.
Because if you don't, you'll f You'll someone else, you'll find another vehicle, they'll try their own thing, you know, so, like, there's the internal motivation has shifted from just me wanting to hit record months to like, man, let's build it for them, because they sacrificed everything to get on this offer, do this whole thing with me, I got to do it for them, you know, and that's when it's like really fulfilling, so, I'm not sure you're experiencing that right now, but, yeah, go ahead.


@49:23 - Wyatt Webber
Um, so, my setter, actually, he, he's, like, in a, in a program with, like, Nick, um, and he's, like, bro, I'm, I'm, like, upselling for you, he just joined, like, a, like, a 7k setting upsell, just, like, because he just wants to get better at setting, he's, like, I just do this because, like, I love being part of your thing, like, what are your thoughts on, like, should I, because it was, like, his choice, should I just have him do it, but I'm fully, like, okay with, like, paying half or just paying for it for him, because it's, like, for my thing, like, but, I don't know, he went out of his way to just do it, he's, like, by the way, like, I'm so excited, I just, I just got upsold, so, I don't know, how should I go about that, like.


@50:00 - SooWei Goh
That's the kind of conversation you can have with him. I don't think it's like the biggest deal in the world, whether or he pays, but ideally Split, I think Split is perfect.
It doesn't make sense if he's a long-term fit, you know?


@50:12 - Wyatt Webber
Yeah. All right. Perfect. Will do.


@50:15 - SooWei Goh
And then I think I saw Will. Will's new in here. He had his camera on and turned it off.
I think he was shy. But Will, where are you, brother? Okay. This guy's really shy. I don't think he's in his desk, but it's all good.
Cool. Let's go ahead and wrap it up here, guys. Let's go ahead and wrap it up here. We'll talk soon.
I hope this really just applies to every single one of you, the specific things that I talked about, because again, it runs through everything.
It runs through everything. So I'm really excited for it. Kevin, if can just send more details of what that looks like, I'm more than happy to entertain it.
Okay? But yeah, hope you guys have a blessed rest of your weekend. I'll see you guys on the Wednesday call, and it's going to be fun, okay?


@51:04 - Wyatt Webber
Bye, man.


@51:05 - nedsainsbury-plaice
care, guys.


@51:07 - SooWei Goh
Yeah.


@51:08 - Kevin Walton
Thank you, man. Thank you.


Thursday Mastermind - March 19
Thursday Mastermind - March 19


VIEW RECORDING - 65 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Andrew @drutransforms
How was the concert?


@0:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I saw it on your story. The concert was live, to be fair. Good little night out, but I'll shout you next time.
I knew I wouldn't be there for a minute, so I was like, I'm in and out.


@0:12 - Jai
Any girls Aidan?


@0:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Bro, that's not for the group crew setting. Save that for the one-on-ones. Maintain my professionalism, yeah? Come on now.


@0:23 - Jai
Right, that means zero then.


@0:24 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Let's move on. Okay, buddy. I'm put your mute now. Andrew, how you doing, bro?


@0:32 - Andrew @drutransforms
Amazing, brother. How are you?


@0:34 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good. I'm all good. You're walking as always.


@0:36 - Andrew @drutransforms
How many steps are on today? Not that many. I just got back from the gym, so I had to start picking it up.


@0:42 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, love to see it.


@0:43 - Andrew @drutransforms
But I started ripping a little bit of a different style, or I guess different style hook, and regular yapping videos have been doing a lot better for me now, like Outliers, so pretty psyched about that.


@0:57 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I like it. To be fair, today's call is going to be more like a Q&A. We'll do some script reviews, content reviews, get any questions answered, and go from there.
Obviously, we did the content format call last week, so you guys are still kind of busy implementing based off that, but yeah, we'll get that, we'll let some more people join and then we'll jump into it, but yeah, it should be good, should be good.
Andrew, how you doing, brother? Andrew Wilkes.


@1:19 - Andrew Wilkes
I'm doing phenomenal, dude. We have been, just got a creative director, got a, got two editors, got a YouTube guy.
We are, we are ripping. We are, we're sprinting here.


@1:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love to see it. I see the fast implementation. I've noticed that like, everyone who comes in here, you know, we give you guys the action items, you just knock them out the park.
Everyone who like takes that fast action, like the results skyrocket immediately. So let's keep up the momentum. If need any help with, you know, managing them as well.
Hit me up. So you've got a hell of a piece on that, but should be good, bro. I'm looking forward to seeing the progress.


@1:56 - Andrew Wilkes
Me too.


@1:57 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick. Kevin, how you doing, bro? I feel like it's been a minute.


@2:01 - Kevin Walton
What's up, bro? Yeah, no, I've been away for a little bit. I've just been doing some back-end stuff in the business, so it required me to step away.


@2:09 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
There's a couple things that happened, but we're back. So, how are you, man? I'm all good. Good to be on the calls, as always.
Good to be on the calls, always. But yeah, looking forward to today's one.


@2:18 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, I'm excited. Can't wait to see the breakdown.


@2:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure. Reyes, how you doing, bro? I don't want to talk to you too much, because you might crash.


@2:25 - Reyes Abalos
Oh, no, you're good, bro. You're good, man. I'm doing great. Excited for today's call, bro, and yeah, ready to get it.


@2:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure. Love to see it. Bro, where are you at right now?


@2:35 - Reyes Abalos
It looks hella sunny. Yeah, oh, it's beautiful, bro. I live in Southern California, so it's like this 90% of the year, bro.


@2:43 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, that's rough. UK is not like that. Anyone here who lives in the UK? It's dark.


@2:47 - Reyes Abalos
It's not. That's that bird, bro.


@2:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Maeva, how are you?


@2:54 - maeva
I'm good, Aiden.


@2:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
How are you? I'm all good. Good to be on another call. Good to see you always joining consistently.


@2:59 - maeva
That's what I like to say. Yes, sir. I don't think I've missed a single call since joining.


@3:04 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I know, I was gonna say. Someone said you got a cat. Have you got a cat?


@3:08 - maeva
Yeah, he was sitting on my lap, but he just left.


@3:11 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nice. Oh, who else we got in here? Oh, we got a new member, Ned. How you doing, bro? I saw you've been in our DMs for a minute.
Ever since I've been signed to the Waze account, I always see your name popping up in the DMs.


@3:22 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, you guys hit me with the follow-ups like crazy, man. Me and my DM center were actually going over the level of follow-ups that I was hit with to make sure that we're doing the same.


@3:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I'm doing amazing, man. How are you? I'm all good, bro. Good to have you in the program. I've seen some of your stuff before as well, so should be good to scale you up.
But yeah, but we'll lock in a one-on-one sometime soon as well and get that dialed in.


@3:44 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Oh, sick, man. That sounds good. I'm curiously, what's this like call going over?


@3:48 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
What does this one go over? Yeah, so this is like the weekly content call. So we rip these every Thursday, same time.
Usually, like sometimes you have a presentation. So, last week, we did like content formats. So we just broke down a bunch of proven formats.
So, guys. Like trending right now, broke down how you can implement them. Today is going to be more of like a Q&A, so just doing any like content reviews, script reviews, answering any content related questions.
And then, yeah, usually there's a different topic for each week. So kind of just rotates between.


@4:14 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Let's do it. Good to meet everyone as well.


@4:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure. Good to have you, bro. Looking forward to scaling you up. Let's go. Ajani, how you doing, brother?


@4:25 - Ajani Burgess
Yo, doing good, man.


@4:26 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Doing good. How are you? I'm all good. I noticed all you guys seem to have like nice backdrops and nice setups in the background, especially Andrew as well.
I was saying this to you on the one-on-one the other day, bro. I need to level up. need to get something looking nicer, but.


@4:39 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Andrew's is looking clean.


@4:41 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Bro, literally. Andrew's God.


@4:43 - nedsainsbury-plaice
He's got the mic and all.


@4:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Literally. I need to level up. Patrick, how are you, bro?


@4:53 - Patrick
Good. Excited to be here, man.


@4:54 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure.


@4:55 - Patrick
Good to have you back on the phone. I hope you're doing well, bro.


@5:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Appreciate it, appreciate it. Who else have we got in here? We'll jump into it in a minute, boys. I'm just going to wait for a couple more people to join, and then we should be good to go.
Jai, what's Jai up to? He's raising his hand already. You're muted.


@5:16 - Jai
Oh, sorry, my man. I said I just wanted to ask a question, but I'm going to wait until the question starts.


@5:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I just thought I'd get my foot up. Oh, you're getting ahead.


@5:22 - Jai
Okay.


@5:24 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Smart. I see it. see it. All right, perfect. Yeah, I'll give you a few more minutes. We'll get things moving.
Why is everyone in the car? Joe, how you doing, bro?


@5:33 - Joe Dooley
Yo, what up, bro? I am on my way to Nashville, Tennessee. I don't know if anybody stays in Nashville, but go on there for the weekend for a little business event.
So, just wanted to tune in on the nine-hour drive.


@5:48 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, that's rough. That is rough. Yeah. It is what it is. You look maybe nervous when you're driving around.
I don't trust it. Dedication.


@5:58 - Joe Dooley
I look nervous?


@5:59 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
No. lot make me nervous. Like, everyone's joining, they're all driving in the car and everything. Stress me out.


@6:04 - Joe Dooley
Nah, man. We're just cruising on an open highway.


@6:07 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sure, sure. Love it. Love it. Yeah, I'm gonna jump into it, people. So, as I mentioned today, it's gonna be more of, like, a Q&A call where we answer any, like, content-related questions, do any, like, content reviews, script reviews, and stuff like that.
Before I jump into it, I want to run you guys through basically, like, a new, something new in the program that we've been cooking up.
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
I know Sui mentioned it in the announcements earlier. Can everyone see? Oh, Zoom hates me sharing my screen. I'll let that load for a second.
But, effectively, because I know my screen's really not showing right now. Effectively, we're basically launching, like, on the side, a new content offer, because we've realized, you know, where do people see the most results with, you what we're doing?
And typically, it's through the content, through the personal branding. That's obviously why a lot of you guys came to SuiWay.
That's where a lot of you guys see, like, the fast results within the program. So, in the background, we've kind of been cooking up, like, new modules, and basically...
We refresh based on the data we've collected on the one-on-one calls, data we've collected on the group calls, and finding the areas that you guys struggle with the most in content.
And as a result, we've been building new modules, building out new SOPs, building out new resources for you guys.
Now, obviously, you guys are already in the community. Typically, we'd be charging like 15k for this to be sold separately, but we want to give you guys access.
There we go, my screen should share now. I want to give you guys the opportunity to get access as soon as possible.
So I'll let you guys kind of read through this, but definitely make sure you guys check out the announcements channel, and you guys can check this out.
And this will basically help on the whole branding side, personal branding side. So if anyone's really want to put focus into the personal branding and the content over the next couple of weeks, we've got an eight-week live cohort that's going to be rolling out.
So, yeah, check out the announcements channel in the Discord. I'll let it kind of explain itself there, and you can read through it all.
Crazy referral structure there for any of you guys who want to... Add a bit more to the cash flow.
And yeah, boys, I'll let you guys check that out. But as I mentioned, today's school is going to be a bit more of a Q&A.
So I mean, we'll get started with Jai, but anyone who's got any questions, just raise their hands. We'll get around to all of you guys individually.
But Jai, I'll let you take it away.


@8:18 - Jai
Yeah, I just had two questions. One was just about what you were just talking about. So the eight-week cohort, you guys are selling that for 15K.


@8:26 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
We only get access to that if we get a referral. Yeah. So there's like the referral system. I mean, that's how we're trying to give you guys access because obviously you're already in the program.
This is kind of like new value we're cooking up. So this is still separate, but yeah, you can get access through referrals.
That means obviously we're not expecting you guys to like pay the full amount. We'd rather get you in through like a single referral.
And if you check out like the referral system, bro, you can like print from that. Like you can obviously get into the cohort through that and then also get some profit on that side, get some cash flow.
So yeah, I'd check out the doc.


@9:00 - Jai
So we don't even like, so if we don't get a referral, and we obviously don't pay the 15k a minute, I don't know if it really makes sense to pay the extra 15, it's like, do we get to come to the calls?
Do we get access to any of the resources? Like, how does that actually, what actually is it and what do we actually get if we don't get a referral?


@9:18 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Because obviously, it's not easy to get loads of referrals, right? Yeah, 100%. I mean, that's the whole idea. Like, it's only one referral.
The main difference is like, a lot of it's still going to be, you know, some of the value you guys have got now, but it's more like an updated version, based on, you know, what we've seen people are struggling with on the group calls or on the one-to-one calls, etc.
So it's nothing like, it's not like a crazy difference. It's not like, you know, crazy difference, but it's more an opportunity where if you want to put more focus onto the personal brand, and that's like the biggest bottleneck, it's more an opportunity for those guys who want access to more support and sort of more sophisticated level of support in terms of content side of things.
But main way to access it is through the referral. Externally, like people are paying for But for people in the community, if want to access more, you know, one referral, you've got access.
And there's like a whole referral system where, you you do one referral or two referrals, it's just your whole load of extra cash flow.
But yeah, like check out like the doc we sent as well in the announcement channel, that'll probably give you more clarity on that side.
Or just ask like Kim as well or something.


@10:21 - Jai
Yeah, cool. Okay. And then my second question is actually about content. Um, so my rules, did a lot better right now.
Like I've actually been putting a lot more like effort into them. Um, I don't know if you've seen, but I've been doing a lot of like sales core reels and they haven't been getting like crazy views, but they've been bringing in like quite a lot of followers, like followers that are following straight from the video.
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
They'll get in like an average of like four to five followers per thousand views. Um, which is like more like if you look, um, 3k sale in 20 minutes, the sales long and then you've been alive.
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
If you scroll down 8k deal, like all All these are bringing in, like, 30, like, 20 to 40 followers per video.
Even that 12 or 1.2k brought in, like, 47 followers. Like, do you feel like that, even though they're not getting loads of views, I should still, like, double down on that?
And then, because I was still doing the, like, middle of funnel stuff, like, the one I just posted, they've got, like, 800 views the other day, is, like, super, like, bottom or middle of funnel, because it's just me talking about how I place my students.


@11:26 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah.


@11:28 - Jai
But do you feel like you double down the sales call reels and then still do, like, middle of funnel?
Like, I was talking to Cam about it, he was saying, because they're bringing in so many followers, why don't I do one sales call reel every day and then one middle of funnel?
So it's, like, the best of both worlds type of thing.


@11:44 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Do you know what I mean? Because I feel like it's just working for me. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I'd definitely double down on them.
Like, don't rinse them too much to the point where, I'd say, be careful with doing them daily, but definitely double down on them.
But one thing you can do as well is find a way where you can provide more value through those reels as well, because obviously you're kind of...
entertaining people, and they're still getting some form of value, but it's not really something, it's not really actionable value, it's not something they can go away and kind of implement for themselves, so one thing you could do is kind of leverage lead magnets a bit more, and potentially have like a CTA where, you know, you're giving away a sales call framework, and then you can link that back to an outcome, so, you know, this is a sales call framework that allows me to close X amount of deals, or, you know, talk about how much you've closed overall, I know you've got like a pretty big, bit of authority there, I mean, what's your like total revenue?
When you closed?


@12:32 - Jai
Me?


@12:33 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@12:33 - Jai
I've closed 3 mil in two years.


@12:35 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, so there you go, so you could be like, comment X, Y, Z for, you know, the sales framework that generated me 3 million in the last two years, right, and now we're...


@12:43 - Jai
It's not really ICP, that's the only thing I would say, is it even mad, because obviously I'm targeting people who are just working at 9 to 5 that just want more freedom, right, so I'm not targeting like sales reps.


@12:52 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure, I mean, it just depends how you position it, like, what you include in that lead magnet, but the idea behind it is this is like a good gateway,
Because now we're generating attention on the Instagram, we kind of want to funnel it more to the YouTube, and nurture it a bit more, so you could, like, the whole idea is, you know, leverage more lead magnets, the fact that we're driving people to the YouTube, or, you know, we've got a lead magnet where we're providing them a bit more value, because your aim now should be, okay, we generated the attention, how do we nurture it, then convert it, so easiest thing for you to do will be to drive these guys through to the YouTube, so obviously set up the comments, see to the many chat as well, or you could also have a lead magnet, as I said as well, with a framework, or whatever you feel like fits your ICP, but just try it, find a way where you can leverage this attention, and then provide more value, because now we're going to start nurturing people, and that's where I think there's a gap between you getting the eyeballs and actually converting them, we just need to have that, like, middle bridge there.


@13:49 - Jai
So just maybe showing, like, a little bit more value, showing, like, maybe me on, like, coaching cool stuff, I like to, like, build more of, like, a lot of that, not nurturing.


@13:59 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Yeah, for sure, like, show you with your clients as well. You could make it specific as to, like, how you handled a certain objection, because that's more, like, specific to kind of who you're targeting as well, but yeah, more, like, value and focus in the way that it's a bit more actionable, and then also showing, like, this video, for example, where you showed how you place reps onto roles, things that are kind of showing, you know, what's in your program, what the deliverables are, and giving people more insight on that side, because now the people watching your content are going to get more clarity that, one, you actually sell something, but two, you can actually help them.


@14:29 - Jai
Yeah, because that format of the one who got 800 views is, like, ripping right now, like, I see, obviously, there's, like, Nick Sends, the one who, like, does it, but I feel like it's, like, the perfect way for, like, anyone in here to, like, show how you actually do your deliverables, because it's, like, a talking video, but you can say whatever you want, and it's just, like, kind of entertaining, because it's so raw, do you know what I mean?


@14:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure, it's literally taking someone's dream outcome, like, for example, you could talk about how you were able to get placed onto roles that have led you to get, you know, three million in revenue closed, Right, and then you
We into talking about, you know, the placement, the placement system you use for your clients, and how you're helping them to get X-Rolls, so you're literally attaching someone's dream outcome to the deliverables in your program, explaining, you know, how it works and why it helps them, and as a result, they're just getting nurtured, and they're more actually sold on you, and also they're product-aware, so they didn't know you were actually selling something, but I'd say, main focus for you now is just continue to nurture people, try to provide a bit more value, and get like creative, you know, see how we can kind of reformat this into maybe focusing on specific objections, or leverage, like lead magnets, or transition people into the long-form content.


@15:35 - Jai
Yeah, okay, thank you, Adam.


@15:37 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick, got it, bro. Andrew, what's up?


@15:42 - Andrew Wilkes
So, recently, we kind of switched, I mean, they're all pretty recent, like the last few days, but we switched our content, because we're trying to go, like, higher quality, lower volume, and really, just kind of, like, the effect, I talked to Suway about this, like, when I look at his page, I was like, yeah, he charges expensive , right, like, I just knew right away, so our views kind of took.
I like a bit of a dip versus like our talking heads. If you had like the reels based on like our last, like, like three to like one, two, yeah, like five reels, six reels.
They've kind of taken a hit the last two or three were today. But if you kind of want to like tell me because I feel like it's maybe a consistency thing because we're switching the style from like what we were doing before where we're spamming talking heads as pure value.
And now we're doing a lot more. You just kind of click it in like the most recent one and tell me because we have like those are kind of what we consider our top funnel now.


@16:44 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay, and just let me check out this one as well.


@16:48 - Andrew Wilkes
Same kind of format. The one beside it is a little different. But I talk nonstop like a month. Like, always have too much to say, so it's pretty easy for me and my editors.
Like, we can get probably, like, 400 videos out a month if we wanted to. And then my YouTube, I can get, like, one 40-minute video a day, whether it's value or mindset.
So it's, like, that content-wise, we can get volume out and quality. It's just, like, what's your opinion? Like, if you go to, like, that one where it's, like, I'm so...
That one, kind of, I like, but I edited that one before we got editors. Um, and it's just, like, can I show you my personality?
And I have a lot of check-ins. Like, I have a lot of fulfillment that I do and a lot of stuff like that.
So I take that as a huge opportunity to just, like, drop game. Um, like, we have, like, like, today I was on one check-in call.
I got five pieces of content out of it. Um, where it's, like, kind of behind my monitor showing me actually talking to him.
And you can kind of, like, it cuts between me and him talking because I have two different angles. I have my cinematic camera there.
I have, like, my DJI over. We're just trying everything. But I really like this. Like that, the most recent style, that feels like the most me, if that makes sense.
Like that brings me the most energy, like the mindset kind of stuff. And then the coaching, the same kind of format, but just throwing like value, if that makes sense.


@18:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure. I think for you, like finding a balance between doing like these formats are a bit more generic, have a wider, total addressable market, because right now your priority should be, you know, how do I drive as many eyeballs to my page as possible?
Obviously, we need to build up, you know, a lot more momentum in terms of how many people actually seeing your profile.
Also, I know we discussed kind of these are boosted, but if we can experiment with formats that are going to focus on getting as many eyeballs to your page as possible, then we can switch and transition more into the value focused content when we're going to be nurturing people, because typically, before you actually provide the value, you need to actually build the audience to provide the value to, whereas right now, you know, we're only being able to show the value to a limited amount of people.
So, I see like we're doubling down a lot on like this style of videos. Now, I really like this one because, you know, we've got a controversial.
It's a bit more generic, but one thing I would say is I want you to try and find a way where you're finding different formats you can use for the more generic, the more topper funnel videos, and try to double down on that first, while still implementing the more value-focused videos like these that you enjoy creating and that are more seamless to create, because I feel like we need a lot more attention to your page before these are actually going to be nurturing people, because right now, typically these videos are good, but typically they're probably being shown to the same people.
We're just recycling who we're showing the same content to, whereas now we need to actually bring new people to your page and bring new eyeballs to your page, and the easiest way for us to do that is going to be targeting a wider audience, using the more topper funnel content with a larger, total-able, addressable market, like videos like this.
Now, this format potentially doesn't feel necessarily natural, potentially the execution could be better, but I also think it's a case of find different formats kind of like this, that you see it more trending, that you see are going to pull in more views, focus on that, and then we can also...
I videos like this, too. The whole idea I'm trying to get across is we need more eyeballs before we focus on, you know, the value-focused content.


@20:08 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay. Aidan, can you, so this one was kind of more of, like, a fun one, like, kind of, like, a funny thing.
I just put it in our one-on-one chat. I don't know if you have access to that right now, but I put it in our one-on-one chat.
It is controversial. I'm pretty, like, Christian conservative, so I do call my client gay, in case, like, just so you know.
But it's very me, because, like, when Sui told me to ask my clients, one of the biggest things for me was, like, the fact that, like, when I talk to them on sales calls and, like, I crack jokes, I make fun of them, I talk , and I just, like, in myself, that's what brings them all, like, to buy from me.
They come from the ads and the content and the DM settings really good, like, that stuff's solid, but sales calls, they buy from me because I'm just, like, I shoot the with them and I don't sell them.
I just talk to them and we have a good offer and they're like, , you're the best. I'm like, damn right, right?
that's kind of the vibe they get with me. So it's, like, trying to, I use this format to try and show, like, my
Second call today, like a funny, like behind the scenes kind of thing. got my editor to just try something so I could show you and see what we could do.
So I'll watch that and let me know.


@21:07 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, let me check this out. What would have made fat, out of shape, depressed, gay Darren buy from you to change his life?
What would you have had to say? What kind of content would you have to make to build a relationship that Darren would have been like, damn, I'm going to buy from that guy.
Damn, I want to DM that guy. Damn, have questions. Remember to ask yourself and your clients why they bought from you, why they chose you.
That's the biggest factor, because then you can make content for that reason and to that person. So think about it like this.
I don't think you're actually gay. If you are, I apologize. Hey, hey, you know, I'm not judging you, bro.
That's the major takeaway from this call. Not the gay thing. The biggest takeaway is what would young Darren want?
Okay, interesting. Maybe kind of end part out, because I feel like that's when it gets a bit, bit much for some people.


@21:49 - Andrew Wilkes
But I think it's good in terms of like actually showing more of your personality.


@21:52 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
And it's still also very broad in the fact that, you know, it's a wide topic, right? You cover quite a few things at the start here.
You know who's Talk about him being fat, out of shape, depressed, etc. So it's like, this is a lot broader than sticking to like one topic, so naturally with the hook of this video alone, we're going to be targeting more people, and you're also like implementing your personality a bit more, it's easy to film because you're basically just showing the behind the scenes, but yeah, definitely like, try all this out, but that's what I'm saying, like, how can we, you know, approach topics and use topics and formats where we're going to attract more people, I think this is a step in the right direction, this is a the right direction as well, so find more thoughts and find more ways of showing that, while also making it something you enjoy creating, um, will be perfect for you, so we can get more eyeballs in, and then we'll transition more to like value-focused content.


@22:41 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, sounds good, um, yeah, those are easy, like, that video I just sent you, I could get probably like 50 of them done a day, because I just have like a second camera set up here, and I can get like, I can print those, because I have so many checking calls, and that's the thing, is like, I do want to be like a bit of an in my content, because I am a nice dude, but it's like, I don't want that's...
So it's like, I do like taking that kind of like more of an angle where it's like, I do believe in like, you know, being more like, it, dude, get the job done.
Don't be a . Right. So I like to have that kind of context. I find that stuff attracts those types of guys.
Does that make sense?


@23:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure. One guy you can check out the program now, he's a fitness coach who actually helps people get in shape.
So slightly different. But Danny Lattman also is the same thing where I mentioned on a couple of group calls, like he's very controversial.
He's very like upfront. He just, you know, doesn't like take anything. So his personality really shows in his content.
I think he's someone you can take inspiration from, check out his page, obviously slightly different, but to see how he shows his personality and, you how he shows a bit more controversial, like he's a bit more controversial in his content because that's kind of why people buy into him.
That's what he's noticed in his onboarding forms. Now, you know, he's trying to show up in the content. So yeah, he's one guy you can have a look at too.


@23:55 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah. Okay, but all right. Sounds good.


@23:57 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Great, bro. All right. Joe, how can I help? I feel like you've really liked that video from Andrew.


@24:02 - Pedro Oliveira
I've seen similar videos on your page. My page?


@24:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I feel like I've seen a video time ago that was kind of similar.


@24:10 - Pedro Oliveira
Which, oh, like on gay things?


@24:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, just anything controversial.


@24:16 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, I was gonna, I was actually gonna give an insight on that, because I used to make videos like that.
And, um, so I don't think all, I don't think you're gonna attract people who are like fussies. Uh, if you're not one, and you're clearly not one on YouTube or on your reels, but just the way you talk.
Um, and then, another thing that I learned when I used to make content like that, um, saying specifically like gay or whatever, Instagram is gonna tank it.
Like, it's so annoying, they will tank it. Like, if they see gay or like, I don't know, or whatever on the, on the reel, like they're gonna tank it.
So, yeah, we gotta, it's, it's good to be careful.


@24:58 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, they already tanked my . So I'm, I'm going to just fight fire with fire here, but yeah, we'll try it out.


@25:04 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. Um, cool.


@25:06 - nedsainsbury-plaice
So I had a question. How do I put my hand up in this chat so I can ask a question down the line?


@25:14 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, what is this? Uh, Brian, if you want, I'll just come to you off though.


@25:17 - nedsainsbury-plaice
That's so good. Yeah.


@25:22 - Pedro Oliveira
It's got to hit react on mine. It's just got to hit react and then you can see the, the hand.
But, um, so my main question is Sue talked about, um, talking more about our story and, you know, just having more of like a brand in terms of that.
It's like for, are you 40? Um, first is like, do you have more structures that we can use to, of reveals?
Cause I know we have some, um, in the SOPs and in the, in the, um, in the course itself, but I just want to ask like more structures.
If you have structures of stories, story reels, or like story formats that we can tell more of our stories.


@26:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, sure, I I can cook something up on that side. I'd say, like, the main approach I take with that is, obviously, everyone's got, like, the My Story video, which is, you know, talking head, breaking down your story, but think of one ways that can, like, reformat that, so how can you make it, I've seen people do, like, a B-roll montage where they've got music and then B-roll themselves, and it shows, like, their transformation, their story, that's quite popular, especially with the fitness coaches, but even just with Suway's content, we typically just break down, like, specific examples from his story and from his life, and, you know, use that as the base of the video, and then we'll link it back to value.
So, for example, we did a video ages ago where, you he talks about how when his parents used to fly in, like, business class, right, he'd always be sat in economy, and basically, like, the morals and the messaging behind that video, and then he transitions it into a business lesson.
So, for you, what you can do is look at your brand sheets, look at, like, the ICP pain points, you know, look at who you're actually trying to attract with your content, and then make a list of stories and try to draw connections between your stories and, you know, your ICP pain points and their values and their messaging.
you're what you're Because then you can create videos where, you know, you're focusing the video around your story, around like a specific example from your life, and then linking it back to a piece of value or linking it back to a message.
So when we say like, implement your story into the content, it doesn't mean, you know, you need to have a full video about some random story from your life.
Just find a way where you can link, you know, certain parts of your story that shifted your mindset or, you know, led you to starting your business or, you know, issues you face within your business.
Because these, naturally, these stories are going to link back to, you know, your ICP, maybe their current situation, you know, maybe the problems they've also faced in their life.
So that's kind of how to approach the storytelling content, make a list of your stories, make a list of, you know, things that stick out to you.
Maybe this would like, as I said, turning points or big issues you faced, and then transition into more, you know, value focused content or provide a piece of value, provide like a message that links back to your audience, if that makes sense.


@27:53 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, so just use my own storytelling to then give a lesson at the end.


@27:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure. As long as you... If they feel like they're getting some form of payoff at the end of the video, whether that's entertainment or, you know, value and education, then you should be fine.
So yeah, at least you're just taking a story and providing like a strong message.


@28:12 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool. And then, so like, maybe you already answered my question, but like one thing that I was thinking of doing on my YouTube is when I post YouTube videos, after, the hook, and after like they're hooked up and they saw the thumbnail, they saw the title, like they want to watch the video, for like 20 seconds, I just talk, I have like a quick edit of who I am and what I do and where it came from.
What do you think?


@28:39 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, sure. I've seen quite a few people do that, to be fair, like just to give credibility, just make sure it's actually relevant to what you're speaking about.
Because obviously, like it might apply for some videos, but it might also like not apply for some videos too.
So just kind of be careful with how you do it and how you structure it. I'd say like, obviously, as you know, the hook and the start of the video are the most important part.
So... As long as it's engaging, and it leads on to the video in a certain way, it's actually relevant, then go for it.


@29:08 - Pedro Oliveira
Sounds good. Yeah, those were my main things.


@29:11 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay, got it, bro. All right, Ajani, how can I help?


@29:16 - Ajani Burgess
Yo, I was curious, I have a similar situation to Andrew, where I'm not getting a lot of views necessarily.
Um, however, the meme style reels are doing better than just like, uh, the kind of more curated reels. So I was curious, is there a specific metric that you would shoot for in terms of, you know, top of funnel versus bottom of funnel, uh, or like you're averaging a certain view rate and then you switch to top of funnel, I mean, bottom middle funnel, like, is there a certain like KPI that you would recommend just for in general?


@29:52 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, I don't necessarily think there's like a right or wrong amount to be posting, you know, X amount of top funnel week, amount of middle of funnel.
Like, typically, Say, if you feel like you need more views, or like the views loads on your account, that's when you focus more on the top of funnel content, that's when you could lean, like viewers like a spectrum, right, if you're seeing more like results on the top funnel side, so you're getting more views, that's when you lean into the middle of funnel, because then you can actually nurture that attention, whereas if you're in a period where you're not getting many views, you're kind of struggling to get any traction to your page, that's when you should more focus on the top funnel content, so you can actually get those views in, I'd say for you, like, this is definitely like a style you can double down on, obviously you like tracking your data, so you can see, you know, this performing well, this is you should double down on, but be careful with the audience you're attracting with this type of content, because I have a feeling like it won't be, you know, crazy high quality, and although it's good to get some form of, you know, eyeballs to your account, we want to be careful with who we're sort of attracting, so I'd say, biggest thing like you can do is try and prove kind of like the visual style of your content, so if you look at sort of how Danny Lappman structures his videos, everything from like the hook, being like a
Controversial hook, know, focusing on having more of a negative hook where you're showing this is not how to do something because typically those perform well and try focus on how you can structure, you know, these videos because even this is still very top of funnel, right?
Obviously, we're still providing value, but it's still quite top of funnel because it's quite generic. It's not necessarily specific to, you know, your ICP.
So yeah, I'd really focus on how can you structure these videos and reverse engineer videos like this that perform well in the past for other people like Danny or like other creators in your industry and try get really good at those.
Because these are typically going to attract a better audience than, you know, videos like this, but also just make sure you're tracking it too with the ICP and the growth tracker.


@31:39 - Ajani Burgess
That makes sense. Yeah, no, I've definitely shot like five videos or definitely my editors are cooking them up now.
Like Danny Latman, like this is how you don't do this, you know? So that's helpful. That's helpful. I'll keep that in mind.


@31:52 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thank you. For sure. think Max asked a question in the chat. said, when you say more views though, when do you know it's enough views to prioritize middle of funnel?
know, is The main thing I'd say is looking for outliers within your content, so if you're averaging more views than you would typically, that's a good sign that your top of funnel is working, you're getting a lot of attraction to your page, and that's more of a sign to transition to middle of funnel, or find a bit more of a balance between top of funnel, middle of funnel, I want to make it clear, you shouldn't neglect either one, it's just you should lean into one, depending on the situation, the season of your account, so as we said before, if you've got low views, focus on the top of funnel, focus on dialing that in, and yeah, if you're seeing a bit more traction, you're seeing more outliers, you're seeing more motion on your account, that's when you transition to the middle of funnel, but that should sort of answer that question.
Ned, how can I help, bro?


@32:42 - Ajani Burgess
Actually, sorry, really quick before Ned jumps in, if you don't mind, Ned. I was actually curious, the ones that do better are the ones that were originally trial reels, and then I posted it on the main feed.
Like, my main feed post, like, I'll try the meme style. I don't but it seems as though the meme style takes off more on the trial.
Do you get what I'm saying?


@33:09 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
you ever seen that before? post this as trial and then move it to main or did you repost it?


@33:14 - Ajani Burgess
Yeah. I moved it to main after it was a trial, after I saw it was doing an outlier type of performance.


@33:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay. Have you tried these videos in the trial wars as well?


@33:25 - Ajani Burgess
I don't think so, but I'll give it a shot.


@33:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. I'd say, like, use the trial wars. Like, everyone on this call should be leveraging trial wars. I think I've gone through, like, the kind of criteria for those.
Like, rip, like, five a day. You know, use it as, like, a testing playground because these obviously, especially if you've got an account with followers that are potentially unqualified, maybe you haven't got a big audience on your account or the audience you do have aren't very high quality, so your content's kind of stuck because it's not getting pushed out.
Like, using the trial wars is a great way to, one, like, test what works for the people you're actually trying to attract because if you're creating intentional content, it's going to be shown to...
You know, the right people who were posting as trial reels, right? So, I think Ajani, for you, literally just double down on the trial reel side of things and use it to collect data on which videos perform well, and what you can kind of do is rebuild and restructure your audience based on the people who are seeing your trial reels and the new followers you're bringing in through those, because obviously that's only reaching new people.
So yeah, if I were you, I'd put more emphasis on the trial reel side of things and, you know, use that to collect data and get more clarity on what works and what your audience like.


@34:28 - Ajani Burgess
Appreciate it. Will do. Thanks.


@34:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
All right, Ned, what's up, bro?


@34:34 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, yo. Yeah, I had my trial reels banned, actually. was so annoying. And I got in contact with them, spoke to someone, they said that I was a part of a small testing percentage where they were testing out the difference in engagement on accounts.
Facebook was when they have trial reels and you don't, and I haven't been able to get it back.


@34:53 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Wait, how long ago was that?


@34:55 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Like, six months. That's okay.


@34:57 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, man. Okay, let me look into that for you. you. Um, I'll ask around cause I haven't actually heard of anything like that.


@35:02 - nedsainsbury-plaice
That would be sick.


@35:04 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Cause if I get them back, I can get so much content. Yeah. A hundred percent.


@35:08 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Um, my biggest question, obviously, cause I don't have trios as well. And one thing, by the way, um, with this, I would say when I was doing the fitness coaching, I found that the more authentic thumbnails did way better.
Cause I tried this side of thumbnails and I tried authentic side of thumbnails. So I tried the thumbnails I created cause they look really clean.
And even though they looked cleaner, they tend to do less. Wow. I don't know why, but like, I don't know if it was a content or the thumbnails itself.
When I had just really natural based thumbnails of like just nice photos, even if it was a separate photo to the video, they were doing way better.
Um, because I think it's cause for fitness coaching, if you think about it, it's the audience is quite, um, undereducated.
So you don't necessarily need to make as complex things for them because they're not super educated. Anyway, that's what I just found.
Um, Um, I don't know if they don't take that one.


@35:57 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
No, think visually as well, like, especially for. You know, fitness influence or anyone in that regard, like you could be in, for example, if you're in real estate, showing the actual environment that you work in or like showing the environment behind your content is going to help attract the type of people, you know, you want to attract.
So, Ajani, for example, for you, like if we're creating content where you're actually in the gym, naturally that's going to be catered towards people who are actually interested in the gym rather than content where you're sitting in an office, because this is more relevant and naturally, you know, subconsciously people are going to understand, okay, this guy does something fitness related.
So, that's definitely something you can leverage. think that's a really good point from Ned as well.


@36:34 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah. 100%.


@36:35 - Ajani Burgess
I agree.


@36:36 - nedsainsbury-plaice
My question was, like, when it comes down to getting views with the top of funnel content, because, like, I understand top of funnel content, right?
But then I would say my content doesn't have enough of a mix. Like, yeah, let's start to create top of funnel.
Unless my top of funnel is getting crazy views, then it's not really going to make much of a difference at the end of the day.
Cheers for the following, man. One more funnel.


@36:58 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
go, come on now. now... He's a 27. go. you.


@37:00 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah. So for me, it's like, what, what would you say the key things go into actually a video, not just being top of funnel, but actually being a top funnel piece of content that gets genuinely good views?


@37:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, I think the first thing is, like, the whole framework behind the video. So if you look at videos that perform well, and I think a good task for you would be looking at other creators in your niche or even different industries and understanding why their videos actually perform well.
So obviously, know, top funnel content is more generic. It's more going to be focused on kind of your story.
It's not necessarily going to be too ICP specific. It's not really going to be too value focused. It's more, you know, a bit about your story, maybe like more trend focused, but yeah, less like serious content because the whole aim of it is to attract a wider, total addressable market, right, and reach more people.
And that's why we're going to get more views on those videos because with the middle of funnel content, that's where we're kind of restricting how many people we can actually speak to.
So that's like how I'd view top funnel content. A good task for you, and we did a call on this the other week, so I'll send you the recording and the framework for that, but actually going through and looking at creators in your niche or in other niches and reverse engineering why their videos perform well will give you a lot more clarity on how you can take the same components of a Top of Funnel video that's performed well and carry that across into your video.
So looking at the different types of hooks, so what is their visual hook, what's the verbal hook, what's the written hook, right?
Looking at how they structure videos, so how's the script written, is there like, is it separated into three pieces of value, you know, is it more focused on storytelling, are they giving examples here, like how's it pacing, looking at even just how they film the video, so one thing we also put a lot of emphasis on is what sort of format is the video, so I know with your videos, there's a lot of talking head videos, which are good, but you know, mixing up the formats, and we can go into this more in a one-on But mixing up the formats, really experimenting there and finding what your audience actually engage with will be super important too, so for you, I'd say like, really try reverse engineer and study.
The other videos will perform well, and then that will help you actually carry that across into your own content because now you're probably kind of guessing, you know, okay, these videos seem to perform well, you know, this seems to perform well, but there's no actual like science or structural recipe behind the videos perform well.
So if you can reverse engineer that and make kind of a step by step framework for yourself, that will give you a lot more clarity.


@39:20 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, makes sense. That's actually the advice I give to my clients. It's crazy. I'm not even doing that myself.
I'm just like thinking of an idea, getting hooked with my boys that I'm living with. And it's just like, that's super, that's super poor.
Okay, cool. And when I'm breaking stuff down, what would you say the really key things are that I'm looking for when breaking someone else's video down?
And like when you say that people in my niche, there's a lot of people in my niche. Would there be any like context on the sort of people to look in my niche?
Is that the people maybe that have similar stories to me that have like similar, because there's loads of people in mine and Andrew's niche.


@39:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So I could say, yeah, no, hundred percent. think find people you actually resonate with and like the content you like.
Yeah. Because typically there'll be a lot of people whose content actually performs well. There'll be people who make a lot of money because obviously your niche is, I don't want say saturated, but there's a lot of guys in the niche, but find people whose content you look at and you're like, okay, I actually find this engaging.
This is the type of content I want to create because there's a lot of people for you to pick from.
So if you pick the people you actually resonate with, maybe you think you've got a similar personality or story to them, typically their content is going to be similar to the content you want to create.
Their audience is going to be similar to the audience you're trying to be. build because you've got similar personalities and stories.
The worst thing you can do is, you know, try a copy someone's content who you don't really resonate with at all, because the reason that content works well for them is because it's based on like the specific audience they attract.
If you're not kind of part of that audience, maybe you don't have that personality or that story, then if you try to create that content for yourself, it just doesn't, it looks fake, right?
You're not really going to attract the right people. You're not really going to build, you know, the right audience.
So yeah, for you pick people you actually resonate with, pick people whose content, you know, you look, And you think, okay, you know, this is the sort of content I want to create.
This is what I resonate with. This is someone I'd buy into. And then naturally, you're going to be able to get more ideas flowing.
You're going to feel a bit more creative and understand like, you know, this is the direction I want to take my content.
In terms of like reverse engineering the videos, we ran through this. I'll send you this after the call because you went through this on another call.
But as I said, it's looking at, you know, what was the format? So how was the video delivered? You know, was it a talking head?
Was it a more like B-roll focused video? I mean, do a bunch of content format calls. So, you can check those out as well.
But even like the hook, you know, what was the visual hook, text hook, verbal hook, the structure of the video.
So is it like short and punchy? Is it more value focused where you're giving, you know, step by step advice?
How is that kind of structured? The emotion, like what was the emotional trigger behind the video? But yeah, as I said, I'll send this over after call and you kind of go through, you know, how you can actually deconstruct like a video that's performed well.
And then there's this notion that's attached that we went through the other week too. That should give you a bit more clarity.
You know, how you can actually look at a video, pick apart different components, and then carry that over into your own content as well.
This is my load. But yeah, I'll send that over to you, Arthur.


@42:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, if you do that, that'd be sick. Thanks, Got you.


@42:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Anything else from your side, or is that all good?


@42:15 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I don't know. Yeah, I think that's all good. I mean, for me right now, the big thing is, is like, I don't, I think right now, I look more like a, I look more like a 10k month business owner, if that makes, like, I look more like my actual audience instead of an authority on my audience, if that makes sense.
And I think that's my, one of my also biggest issues right now. Like, the people I work with, they want to get to 10, 15.
But it looks like that's where I'm at, if that makes sense.


@42:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I think a lot of the time that comes down to one kind of the visual style. So how you present yourself in the videos.
Now, if you look at Suway's content, one thing we make, you know, very clear is he's dressing nice. But,
You know, the camera quality is really good. The editing is very clean. You it's not like crazy animations, but it looks very visually appealing.
It's quite, you know, minimal, quite professional. And then even just down to like the language you use in your videos.
So, I mean, if you want to target sophisticated audience, you know, you have to sound sophisticated. You have to use that sort of language and speak directly to pain points that only they're going to relate to because this is typically going to help disqualify kind of unwanted and unqualified viewers because it's not stuff they're going to resonate with.
So in our content, for example, we start shifting towards, you know, appealing to coaches who are making maybe 30 to 50k a month, helping them scale to 100k a month.
So typically now the pain points and, you know, outcomes we refer to in our content don't necessarily align with someone making 10k a month.
However, they're going to speak directly to guys making 30, 50k a month. So this means we disqualify people who we don't necessarily want seeing our content because they can't really resonate with it anymore.
And our content is pushed to a more sophisticated audience. So, I mean, as I said, we'll dive into it more.
Don't Bye… One-on-one, but if you can look at your visual style and even like how you present yourself in the content, you know, who you speak to within your content, based on your language or the pain points, the whole ideation structure you follow, then that's what's going to really help you attract kind of who you want to attract, because we all have like control over who we speak to in our content, it just comes down to how we package it, with the visuals, with how like verbally you speak to audience, with the whole idea, and you know, the format you follow, so that's kind of what I'd say on that side of things.


@44:28 - nedsainsbury-plaice
One more thing, in terms of like the editing and stuff, my editor right now is a lot better, I've got a really good guy on the team, do you have like a editing pack, or like editing thing that you have, that goes over two ways editing stuff?


@44:42 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Let me cook something up, I'll get what our editors use, even like project files, I can probably get a few as well, so I'll cook something up on that side.


@44:50 - nedsainsbury-plaice
That would be insane, thanks.


@44:52 - Kevin Walton
I can also help out with that too, if you want, I have a ton of different resources. If you haven't anything editing related, you can hit that guy.
Yeah, definitely. was also going to mention to you what you were mentioning, Aidan, on the visual static of your page.
Do you have a brand identity at all?


@45:09 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Or does anyone here have a brand identity or know what that is? Yeah, I have one, but I don't follow it enough.
For example, like I don't give my editor enough stuff to go off. So it's my fault why everything is so disjointed because I'm not giving my editor anything to be jointed on.


@45:25 - Kevin Walton
Yeah, because I can nerd out on brand identities. But I'm telling you, when you really dial that into your content, you achieve a certain status online to the point where you literally can be confident in anything you say online.
Because when someone looks at your page, looks at your content, and everything just lines up within the colors, the logo and the font, it creates a type of authority that no one else really sees.
Because yes, everyone here is making content online. They're using the cap cut fonts and stuff like that. But my question to you is, were you born here on this world to blend in?
Were you born to stand up? I really love showcase? The ability to tell stories through people and their experience and their journeys and the way that you can easily do that is just by adding a visual stick to your page and that just comes with a brand identity.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to share you guys a website. Brand identity mainly focuses, it all starts in the web design.
This is a collection of high quality websites you can find and this is basically where it falls into. You're going to see a bunch of these websites, take a look at how they display the colors, their fonts, and their logos.
The way that these things come together and tell a story visually, this also applies in your video content. So if you just look at some of these websites, this is also the same thing as your video content.
And I can also drop some, here I'll drop my font website. This is a website called Font Share. These are all commercial use fonts where you won't get sued because they're free.
And yeah. It all starts here, but, you know, I'm, if you need any questions, just reach out to me, but I'm, definitely, I'm obsessed with this stuff.
I helped Maeva too with her brand. I'm going to post a little thing of what I was doing earlier, but I can actually, can I share photos in the chat here?
Yeah, I can, right? Here's an example of what I was doing with Maeva. I'm just going to copy this and send in the chat, see if this works.


@47:24 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Oh boy.


@47:26 - Kevin Walton
I just sent the entire SVG code. So here's an example of her, like, logo I playing with, and, um, she has an actual thing, but I was signing her a, uh, color palette and stuff like that, but.


@47:36 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I was always coming to a drop in sauce.


@47:38 - Kevin Walton
I love it. Yeah. Actually, here's, here's their main company. It's called Founder Academy, which is sick. Um, so I just grabbed this.
Anyways, it mainly comes into this, um, this type of style that you can play with, finding a color palette, finding a font, applying that to your brand, you're going to get.
It's good-looking page. So yeah, hope that helps. Sorry for taking over, Aidan.


@48:05 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
My bad. Nah, you're good, bro. I like this. Always coming in a dropping sauce. But yeah, everyone hit off Kevin, I guess, for a brand identity build-out.


@48:11 - nedsainsbury-plaice
I'd love to see it. That's cool.


@48:15 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, Ned, anything from your side, are you all good?


@48:18 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Nah, I'm all good. That was all I do. Thanks, man.


@48:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick, bro. We're booking a one-on-one at some point as well. Give you some more personalized stuff. But Andrew, how can help, bro?


@48:26 - Andrew Wilkes
All right, super quick. First one is basically, if you go a little bit further down on my page from like where we were last time, I kind of got my buddy to do like a handheld thing and I got him to ask me basically the hook.
So if you keep going down a little bit more, a little bit more, a little bit more. So like kind of where your cursor is there.
There's like 2,000, 2,000, 1,100. They're like kind of top performers are like the style that we are doing now.
Not that one, but like a little bit up. Like, yeah, in that line, there's like three in that line and one above.
Those ones were like kind of top. of top. I'll So far, like they got followers and engagement, um, why do you feel like those ones all kind of did a lot better than the most recent ones, even though the most recent ones are better lighting, better editing, better audios, better text, um, better, uh, no.
So the ones to the right of that, like kind of like, yeah, those ones moving.


@49:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay. This one.


@49:23 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, that one.


@49:24 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
There we go. Okay.


@49:25 - Andrew Wilkes
So, um, like that one and the other ones similar like that they did, like, they got followers, and they were just very like simple, but they were like, got my boy to basically ask me the question as the hook.
And then some of were like humorous and just like, but I feel like it kind of feels like a behind the scenes thing.
So it seems like super organic and they feel like they're like part of, that's my brand culture is making them feel like they're a part of it.
Right. Um, like they're watching something be built while I'm building other people's and then they come and go, Oh, that's cool.
He can build mine. Right. So I like the behind the scenes kind of a factor of what we're doing.
That's why I do so many like client call clips and so much like, I want to do like the behind the scenes.
the scenes videos. Like this. But these ones did better than the most recent ones. And I was wondering if you had like a kind of like a content perspective on why, because in my eyes, these are way worse.


@50:08 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I mean, they're more organic, but right off the bat, like what I see is you've literally called out who you want to speak to with your content, like the title hook, firstly, you're establishing what you're going to be covering in that video.
So, you know, you're creating intrigue, you're actually encouraging people to watch that video. And you know, if this doesn't relate to them, then you've disqualified them, they're on their way, they can scroll, but you've called out exactly who you want to speak to.
And as a result, you're only going to be attracting those type of people. Those are to be the only people engaging with your content, following it, interacting.
So the main difference I'd say is literally just having the title hook and all of the hooks being strong.
So look at the verbal hook, visual hook, title hook, right? The title hook here, you're giving context on what you're going to be speaking about in that video.
So audience is very clear on that. And it's also very intentional because you're kind of calling out a certain ICP, certain demographic.
So that's a takeaway from that.


@50:58 - Andrew Wilkes
And then when it comes. So, like, you know, you said, like, with the, not the meme style, because, like, I'm very, like, against, like, posting, like, funny all the time, or, like, kind of, like, because I just, I want to, I'm more of, like, a serious person, but I have more serious humor.
So, for me, it's, like, I don't want to attract, like, like, go the meme direction, and then it's, like, too funny, and I just attract absolute, like, dumbasses, you know?
I want to attract, like, higher quality people, and it's, like, I find, like, the more professional, I have a hard time, because it's, like, my demographic, is either, like, professional, like, personal trainers, or, like, I try to stay away from bodybuilders, and, and, like, gym bros, or, like, because, to me, they're just, like, kind of slow in the head when it comes to running a business.
That's my personal experience with it. So, I actually talk, I make fun of, like, bodybuilders a lot, my content, because I've worked with a lot, and they've been my worst clients.
The best clients I've had have been personal trainers, so I kind of aim towards them now, but I find the engagement might be lower, and the personality,
It kind of gets shown more through these behind the scenes ones, but it's like there's a barrier of like how professional I go versus like the engagement, you know what mean?
Like I have a hard time kind of getting the professionalism and engagement in the same videos. So I'm wondering, do I do like one to one every day?
Like I can post like 50 times a day if I need to, but like if I do two a day, should one be like more like professional and one be more like, you know, like, you know, lighthearted?
Or is that kind of like, because my problem with that is I feel like that messes up the brand messaging.
If one's like serious, one's not one serious, one's not. So it's like, that's why I have a hard time with the top funnel thing.
It's like the brand messaging.


@52:36 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I feel like I'm pretty overthink it a bit in the fact that, you know, you have room to show your personality and be controversial, but also provide value at the same time.
I'm going to reference Danny's page again, but you know, his content, his is very, you know, he'll use like a controversial hook.
will have a very negative hook. Then I'll go into providing value because the reason people buy into you is because they like, you know, that tough love that controversial takes you.
Yeah. They want someone who's going to hold them accountable, and actually give them, you know, the upfront value that they need.
So don't be scared of like putting people off, because all you're now doing is attracting the people you actually want to work with, within your content, like you have complete control over who you attract.
If that's your personality, if that's how you speak, if you want to lean into that more controversial side, then I don't see an issue with that, because all you're doing is, you know, removing people who don't necessarily resonate with it.
And you're only going to attract people who actually, you know, value that, and, you know, engage with that. So I wouldn't overthink it.
I'd say feel free to combine both. Don't view them as like separate things.


@53:35 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Also for the trial reels, a lot of my clients had that issue a while ago.
So I, in the, yeah, I put that in. So that, if you go through, you can hit, to Instagram and like, it'll log you in through Google.
And it will give you the option to like, just hit post and like, it'll go right to the post link.
Once you hit post, it'll automatically put it as a trial reel. So if that's a, That's a difficult.


@54:01 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Andrew, take it for me, man. I'm gonna fly to a bar and give you a hug.


@54:05 - Andrew Wilkes
you, bro. Got you, brother. Yeah, that's the thing. have, like, we're analytical. We're very, like, we have the whole backend system.
Like, we're smart that way. We have our Rolodex of, like, everything you ever need. But Steway and Aidan need to fix our organic.
So that's why we're here.


@54:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
This is crazy. haven't seen this before, to be fair, so.


@54:24 - nedsainsbury-plaice
Yeah, we're, we're a little autistic on our team.


@54:27 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah. We got, we got some, we got some guys on our team that are just really on. Like, we have a whole department on our team that's just for, like, fixing problems like this.
So, like, we, we hired a coder from Texas, Thatcher, that just, like, can either build this stuff or develop stuff and like that.
Like, he builds up custom prompts for our, like, Manus AI and like that. Like, the backend stuff, like, that's why fulfillment's so easy for us.
And that's why our clients can just kind of really get good results really fast. It's just, like, acquisition was really good because we were running ads.
That's why our content was because our acquisition with ads was really good. We moved into organic. Organic kind of like has always been slow.
So we kind of pause our ads because we have a lot in the pipeline. So we're fine. Um, but then our organic has been so that it kills like our authority, but then they have to get on a call with us and the authorities back.
So it's like, we're trying to get our content. It was like, even the views don't even matter for us.
Cause if our views are down, we'll, I'll throw all my money into ads and we're fine. Cause I know it works for us.
That's fine. It's just, I want to get our content to authority point where if anybody comes from an ad and see these are paid, they're like, , this guy's expensive.
That's kind of my, my mindset towards organic.


@55:36 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Yeah. We're going to get your organic moving as well, to be fair though. Cause even like the paid ads, the moment you actually have an organic foundation built, like it makes your paid ads so much easier because there's parts of, you know, your story, your personality that are going to shine more within your organic and actually sell people on you as a person before you start pushing more of the, um, like the, the sales focused content where you're trying to convert people.
But yeah, we're done.


@56:00 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, but okay, like you saw the mind map I made, like tear that , I saw you literally live on it while I was like going through it with our new like editors and stuff, but yeah, tear stuff like that apart.
I make one of those like every week based on like, I've been doing that for a while, like market research wise, but the whole thought process on why I do it's different since I joined, if that makes sense.
Yeah, rather than just like, it works here and here. It's like, okay, this brings me like Matt Gray gave this really good example for content.
He gave like this example. I don't know if you know Matt Gray, but he's basically like a life coach for like multi millionaires.
Did you say drop photos in the chat?


@56:43 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, it's called like copy paste in.


@56:45 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, sweet. So he did. He did this on a video. And I kind of took it. How do I copy and paste a photo?
What? How'd you do that? Aiden, can I send it to you on discord?


@56:59 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. I think it's extremely valuable.


@57:02 - Andrew Wilkes
It's super simple. But it's super valuable. It's kind of like, it's based on just three circles where you build it out.
And I did this with my team the other day, and my entire team's content has been phenomenal since. It's like what I love, what customers want, and what makes you money.
And then in there, you can kind of find your own style and talking points based on like what actually converts and that brings you energy.
Because after Sue, said, like, make content that brings you energy, I nerded out on that for like, three days.
But this is super simple. But that , like once you actually map it out and just draw the lines, and then you basically put them all together.
And then that center, that center triangle is like your actual like theme and content and branding and like message and like direction with like creativity, what you talk about, stuff like that.
That's kind of what I've been working on.


@57:47 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, no, I love this. Everyone's coming to this cool resource today. I like it. Good . We have to make a module on this.
But yeah, appreciate it. Appreciate this, boys.


@57:55 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, it's a super simple thing. But I'm done.


@57:57 - Kevin Walton
Thank you. This is also known as your Japanese. In a Japanese term, it's called igakai, and it basically means your way to be, and it works exactly like this, it's very similar to this, it basically highlights what you love doing, what the world needs, and what are you good at, and then you basically highlight each of those circles, what you love to what customers want is, basically they line up to be like, all right, this is your job, and this is your hobby, but once you actually highlight all of them, all three of them coming in together, in the middle is your igakai, your main reason of being in this world.
The thing you love doing, that you get the most money, and also what the world needs. there it is, yeah, Ajani shared it.


@58:36 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, gonna have to cook a module now, but, yeah boys, love this. All right, Mason, how can I help her?


@58:42 - Mason Lee
I have a Top of Funnel format that's working really well right now, but it seems to only bring in, like, teenage guys who are trying to build muscle, but, because my audience is mostly for fat loss, is let's think to most
It's not bringing in a lot of older dudes who are trying to lose weight, but every time I talk about food or diet, it only brings in women.
So I'm kind of torn on where I should go now.


@59:13 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I'm assuming we're referring to this format, right?


@59:15 - Mason Lee
Yeah.


@59:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Okay, so maybe instead of reacting to videos where it's just a back-and-bicep workout, find videos specific to workouts for your ICP.
So for example, I see a lot of like, I was going on my mum's phone, for example, yeah, you pretty see like the woman, like, I don't know what they do, like weight loss videos or, you know, more specific videos towards, you know, who you're actually speaking to.
instead of doing a generic back-and-bicep workout reaction video, talk about more like a ICP specific workout, if that makes sense.


@59:49 - Mason Lee
You kind of see what I'm getting at. Yeah. but for that, like, when it comes to working out, there's no difference between a kid who wants to build muscle and a guy who wants to lose fat, like, it's still the


@1:00:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
For sure, but you want to, in the title, want to speak specifically to, you those people. So instead of it just being, okay, my back and bicep workout, call out their age, call out, you know, their situation.
So workout for nine to fiver who's only got 30 minutes in a day, right? That's where you can be a bit more specific.
And then you're directly calling out, you know, who you want to speak to. Similar to that video we went through in Andrew's content, where he's speaking to, I can't remember what the title was, but he's got the title hook that directly calls out the audience he wants to speak to.
Naturally, that means you're only going to attract, you know, that quality of audience, that type of person. So that's kind of the approach I take with those.


@1:00:37 - Mason Lee
Okay, I'll try that out.


@1:00:38 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thanks. Yeah, cool.


@1:00:40 - Jakob Schnitzler
Well, one more thing that I kind of, like, paid attention to, all the guys that you're reacting to are super, super jacked.
So if you target fat guys, they're not going to associate with that. Like, they're not, like, they see that, and they're like, that's never attainable for you.
So maybe that's the thing. Maybe you can get, like, workouts from, like, guys that are a little bit more.


@1:01:00 - Mason Lee
Fath, mean, sounds bad, but yeah, yeah, they don't post their workouts. And also, Aidan's smiling. But yeah, whenever, whenever it's like a super jack, dude, I find that that's like, that's like the visual hook that really draws people in.


@1:01:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, yeah, I think for you, like this, this title hook here, like the, this like my back plus bicep workout, like getting more specific with that.
I don't, I don't know if this is like, I think this is the actual. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but even if you can just like overlay your own one, or see, see where you can customize that a bit more, then that will give you a bit more control over who you're targeting with your content, because through the title hook, you're naturally going to call out a certain type of person.


@1:01:42 - Mason Lee
Okay, yeah, makes sense. Thanks.


@1:01:44 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Well, Maeva, how can I help? Sorry, I it's taking a while to get onto you.


@1:01:48 - maeva
You're good. No, I was just going to drop a bunch of sauce because I was listening on basically what everybody was saying.
I filmed a YouTube video recently. haven't posted it yet. But I'm filming a free training that basically broke down.
Like how to use visuals to build authority. So I was going to drop some sauce for Mason. Um, and also the, the other guy, I'm not sure if he's still in here, the guy who's trying to build authority.
Um, and he was talking to whatever, but so Mason, one thing that I noticed is, yeah, like the, the thing about, um, reacting to a guy with a six pack is not something that, you know, somebody who is actually fat would like want to, who would like relate with it.
You know, if you think for example, of a postpartum mom, right, if you're a fitness coach that helps postpartum moms, she probably doesn't care about, you know, like being absolutely ripped.
She cares about being able to glow up again, be able to take care of her child, be able to take care of herself, being able to feel healthy again.
She doesn't care about like being absolutely jacked. So you need to understand like what she actually cares about, um, and be able to like align everything together.
And the other thing that I noticed with the other person who was trying to build authority in their content, because Kevin dropped a bunch of sauce for me, like about an hour ago.
Kevin. I to him is, it's not just about like the visuals that build authority, but it's also the elements that feed into your identity.
So when you think of Shelby Sapp, what do you think of? Matcha, Pilates, Alex Eubank, Christianity, and like Pink Porsche.
So like, what would you say are some elements that could actually align to you? And when you think of like Andrew Tate, his Bugatti, Escape the Matrix, you know, like toxic masculinity, or like, at least that's what people see it as.
So you can add all these, all these different things to feed into that. And yeah, I mean, guess Kevin's got some more sauce about like building authority through the actual like visuals and colors and fonts and all these different things, but I was just gonna drop that in.
And yeah, so with the training that I'm filming, I dropped a bunch of sauce. So I'd love to share with you guys, if you want access to it, can DM me, I'll send it to you.


@1:03:54 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sure, a little CTA there at the end, I like it. No, that was a good sauce, but yeah, good question.
I'll wrap it up here, guys. I think everyone's got a head out anyway, but yeah, next week's cool. We'll probably rip another format call.
I might do a video breaking down, you know, how to double down on videos that perform well for you.
I was just seeing that's kind of a question you guys seem to have as well. But any other requests like group calls you want me to rip, because I sometimes kind of run out of topics as well, then let me know.
We can get that dialed in. But yeah, appreciate everyone jumping on. And yeah, I'll catch you guys same time next Thursday.


@1:04:28 - Pedro Oliveira
Good day, people. Thank you. Later, man.


@1:04:30 - Kevin Walton
Thanks so much. Have a great night. In a bit. Sweet.


Consulting Mastery Group Call w - March 18
Consulting Mastery Group Call w - March 18


VIEW RECORDING - 62 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, actually went shopping the other day as well, bought a few things. know, Suit and Supply. Have you heard of it?
Never. No, I haven't heard of it.


@0:10 - Dylan Vandamme
I gotta put you on, bro.


@0:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But Follow's good.


@0:13 - Dylan Vandamme
Follow's really good. What's the name? Suit Supply.


@0:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Suit Supply.


@0:18 - Dylan Vandamme
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@0:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Andrew, how you doing, bro? You all good?


@0:24 - Andrew @drutransforms
Amazing, brother. How are you? Good, good, good, good.


@0:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're on the elliptical, yeah? I can see.


@0:31 - Andrew @drutransforms
The bike today. Yeah, yeah.


@0:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's about to say, bro. You're on something. Always burning calories.


@0:36 - Andrew @drutransforms
I love it. Cool. How about the other, Andrew?


@0:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How are you doing, man?


@0:41 - Andrew Wilkes
Good. Got the notepad out.


@0:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're taking it.


@0:44 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, we haven't missed a beat. We're good. Let's go.


@0:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's go, man. That call yesterday was sick, huh?


@0:50 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, I appreciate that, dude. I appreciate your time. Of course, of course, of course. Yeah.


@0:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Feel free to watch it back. Feel free to let me know, you know, what, what take, what you're Biggest takeaways were from that, and yeah, man, excited to implement everything.


@1:05 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah. You see how I let you finish talking before I get my thought? I watched the callback, dude.


@1:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@1:10 - Andrew Wilkes
I'm too aggressive. It works for sales, but not communication. Fire, fire. I love it, man.


@1:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. There we go. There we go. We got a lot of new faces. Pierre, welcome in, brother.
How are you?


@1:21 - Pierre Gourdon
Yeah, great. Thank you. First week here. Yes.


@1:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Man, I'm excited to have you here, man. Your trim is looking fresh, everything. Let's go. Good to have you in, man.
Good to have you in. Yusuf, how are you doing, brother?


@1:35 - Yusuf
I'm all good. I literally joined a couple of days ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@1:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's my first call since I've been.


@1:39 - Yusuf
I'm very excited to scale my offer. Let's do it, man.


@1:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. You do Amazon FBA, yeah?


@1:44 - Yusuf
Yeah. So, I don't know if you know Patland, but of course you know him. Oh, of course, course. Yeah, yeah, So, he sort of referred me on.
Oh, really?


@1:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Yeah, Paddy is a good case study, so we're going to turn you into the 2.0, and I want you to surpass him.
Thank Thank Bro, let's make it happen. All right, let's do it.


@2:02 - Yusuf
Let's do it. Cool. cool, cool.


@2:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick. Oisin, how are you? You're all good?


@2:08 - Patrick
I'm good, bro.


@2:09 - Oisin
I'm good. Everything's good. Oh, I think someone else has unmuted.


@2:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Things are really good, bro. Things are really good. You're still in Dubai, yeah?


@2:16 - Oisin
No, I made it down to MRB.


@2:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You didn't? Haha, you escaped. You escaped, okay. We had to, bro.


@2:23 - Oisin
We had to. Oh, we're all far from each other, bro.


@2:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
If you ever come to London, let me know, all right? The same goes to every single one of you, okay?
But yeah, guys, cool. I'm excited to get right into it. I mean, today's call is going to be a bit different because we're going to announce a lot of changes.
And I think you guys are going to be very happy with these changes and, you know, the things that we're doing to better the community.
So, first off, I just want to say we've built something really special. We've built something really special. And I think with me, like my priority as a business owner and, you know, as the founder of everything that we've built.
greatäämmt So, Thank I want to really just constantly elevate the brand, constantly elevate how we do fulfillment and change everything.
And what I realized is that when I look across the board, even the guys that are good at content, they haven't mastered the top of funnel, middle funnel, branding, positioning, messaging, all of these different things.
And content in itself is like such a big offer. So one thing that we're going to be doing starting next week is we're pivoting towards a full content offer.
For like CM is becoming a I feel like what we've done, yes, everything that we've done up to this point is really good, you know, with the appointment setting and all of these sales help, there will still be a lot of bad appointment setting stuff, but we're just going to dive way deeper into personal branding, content, how to position yourself the right way, how to come across on camera, how to master camera presence, how to communicate, and how to come up with better ideas and everything.
Because the truth is, if you guys solved the content issue, the appointment setting would also be easier. So my goal is to make that entire shift easier for you, and what that means is we're going to essentially change the CM front end, instead of it being focused on the offer, the offer, the content, and the sales, it's just going to be strictly offer, strictly content, sorry.
And what we're going to do to actually mark this transition, we're going to have a live cohort. So starting mid to late April, what we're going to do is we are going, you guys are all going to have this as literally for free, which is going to be really,
It fun. Let me just show you guys what we're looking at over here. We are essentially going to give you guys access to these core modules.
So every single week, every single Wednesday starting mid to late April, we are going to go over one strong topic on personal branding.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
The first one we're going to do is what defines a strong brand. The second one is how do you build your visual identity.
The third one is how do you master camera presence and communication. The fourth one is how do you find your brand positioning and messaging.
Fifth, how to create top of funnel content that attracts qualified ICP. And then we kind of go on. And so every single week starting next month, like late April, we're going to have specific modules catered towards each specific part of brands, like brand building, that has allowed us to scale.
Because when I look at what we've done, yes, the appointment setting has been amazing, the sales has been amazing.
But the true thing that has really pulled the level for us is going to be the... ... ... ...
The branding, the positioning. So in late April, we're going to officially start the cohort modules, and it's going to be a live bootcamp, an eight-week bootcamp, where the Wednesday is going to be a new topic, and then Friday is going to be the implementation call.
We're going to do this for eight weeks. It's going to be very, very intense. We're going to answer all of your questions, and we're going to cover only content, and it's going to be sick.
Well, what do you guys think? Jacob, what do you think, brother?


@5:58 - Jakob Schnitzler
No, I think that's sick, and I think anyone can relate to the point that, yeah, with the appointment setting, you had a couple sales more, but once, I feel like the reason why we all reach out to you is because of your brand.


@6:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's the reason, so I think that speaks for you. I love it, bro. I love it. Johnny, what you feel?
What are you thinking, bro?


@6:20 - Ajani Burgess
Oh, I've set up the fire emojis.


@6:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think that's excellent.


@6:24 - Ajani Burgess
But, you know, 100%, man. I'm all for it. I think that's definitely the biggest box. Like for most creators, and like you said, if we can get that sorted out, I think that's going to make like everything easier.
Yeah, yeah.


@6:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick. I told Reyes, I told Reyes this. So Reyes was the first one to know. First one to know.
So he's been known. But what do you think, brother?


@6:49 - Reyes Abalos
Yeah, as far as for myself, bro, I think it's huge because content has been the number one thing that I struggled with.
And I felt like when I was trying to do everything at once, I was getting a little bit overwhelmed and neglecting the one thing that's probably the biggest biggest lever we could pull, which is like positioning, branding, marketing, because then all the rest of the leads are laid down because they're sold on you already.


@7:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah. I love it. I love it. So yeah, I'm glad you guys are excited for it. We're cooking up the models as we speak right now.
And man, like it's my duty to constantly innovate the product, constantly change it to how it can best suit you guys.
So this is going to be a big, big move, step forward in terms of everyone's personal brand, because I want to really like Judea人.
Thank So we're going to basically take a look at all of your brands from the beginning of the bootcamp, look at the follower count, look at how many inbounds you guys are getting, track everything, and then by the end of the eight-week bootcamp, we want to see the increase in follower count, we want to see the increase in inbounds, increase in everything.
And it's going to be really fun. So that's going to be the main change that we make. I want you guys to keep an eye out for that.
These next few weeks is going to be very, very packed on us because we're going to build out all these modules.
We're going to have a huge launch. And it's going to be this crazy, crazy, big thing because like Jacob said, think majority of you guys did join us for the branding stuff.
So we're going to double down on that, show you guys exactly how we're going to do the, we're going to master branding for every single one of you.
Now, a lot of you may still have questions like, oh, is the appointment setting completely gone? The appointment setting is still going to be there.
It's just like there's going to be so much emphasis on content to where it's like, we're trying to make, we're not trying to make it irrelevant, but we're trying to make the content, the setting process so.
Fathom through the content, because if you haven't realized it already, don't, like, yes, we have a dialed in sales process, but the reason why we've actually done so well in this month and these last few months is because of the content, right?
That's, like, the number one level to pull. So we're going to really dive deep into that, build that out.
So I am so excited for you guys. This is, you know, I was thinking, like, with the team, we could essentially sell this as, like, a separate offer.
But I was like, nah, you know, I, like, more money, that's cool and stuff, but I want to, I want to reward you guys, because you guys were the early, you know, you guys bought in early.
It's like you bought the , you know, the stock early on, you know? And so I told y'all, when you buy the price increase, you're going to, it's going to be worth it.
We could have easily sold this as a standalone for 20, but we're going to make sure that you guys all get it.
And so, yeah, it's going to be fun. We're going to map out everything, and I'll give you guys more updates as we go.
We'll most likely roll this out mid to late April. Okay? Awesome. Awesome. Literally Bitcoin. better than Bitcoin, better than Bitcoin, so yeah, today I just wanted to go over like what we're working on and what is working for us on the content side of things and the main things that I really want you guys to really prep for when we do this live bootcamp.
So, I've had a lot of one-on-one calls with a lot of you and the one thing that I see across the board, the reason why you guys are not, you know, solidified of content is because you don't even understand your story and what makes you different.
And so, I want you to think to yourself, when you post content, are you intentional about the image that you're trying to portray?
Are you intentional about everything that you're trying to do? Because the problem with content nowadays is that you guys look at it as a to-do list.
I want you to picture an image that you're trying to portray in your content and in your brand. Because you look at the biggest guys, you look at Iman, you look at Hormozzi.
Look at all these big guys. When's the last time you've seen Iman Ghazi in a hoodie? Think about it.
When's the last time you've seen Alex Hormozzi in a suit? You always see Hormozzi in a wife beater, in a flannel.
That's his image. His image is like, I've made the money, I don't give a what you think, this is me.
And there's occasions where he has to wear suits, he has to be formal. But he doesn't show it. Why?
Because he's leaning into the perception and the image that he's trying to create that he doesn't give a .
Same thing with Iman. Iman is the complete opposite. Where it's like, he would never wear something as casual as a wife beater.
He would never wear something as casual as a hoodie. And so you always see him in nice clothing, in nice apparel, like he's wearing a nice coat, it's a nice trench coat, whatever it is.
And the reason for that is because they're all trying to portray it. So there's no right or wrong, Hermosi's not right or wrong, Iman is not right or wrong, they're both right in their respective ways, because they're trying to portray two different things.
But you need to figure out, like, what is that image that you're trying to portray? And the way that you want to do that, is you want to really understand, like, why, like, I was talking to Andrew about this the other day.
you need to ask why at least three times. So if you haven't already, go to your top 20% of clients, book them in for calls, and ask them why they work with you.
You know, give them five reasons. Tell them to give you five reasons. And for each reason, you want to ask why three times.
So the first one is like, okay, oh, I thought you were authentic and genuine. Don't stop there. You want to ask why.
Well, was it, I mean, you know, if you don't mind me asking, why was that important to you? Oh, because I've dealt with mentors in the past that, you know, I felt like just really cared for the money, just looked at me as a dollar sign.
Okay, like, well, and why do you feel like that was really the main thing? Because they weren't aligned with their marketing and their fulfillment.
And so now you have an underlying reason as to like, this is what people choose you for. And so what are the concept formats that I can choose in order to rip?
And so why do we even do these, you know, group call formats? Why am I even releasing them as freebies?
The reason, like, part of the reason why is because I've gotten that reasoning out of my best clients, and my best clients have joined some of them because of the group calls.
They've seen how I talk with you guys. They've seen the things that I'm changing in the community. They see everyone's face and how active the community is.
And so that's why they buy in. And you got to understand, like, this is the overarching concept that you must show in your personal.
Branding. And you must find formats to show that. It's that simple. It really is that simple. Andrew, go ahead, brother.


@13:37 - Andrew Wilkes
So I'm going to like, I'm going to back you up on this because I think you posted today or like yesterday, one of you on the balcony basically talking about like the time freedom, the location freedom.
Because I literally talked to you like on my first call when you asked why I joined.


@13:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
First thing I said was envious of four hours a day. The next day I literally saw you post a video talking to me.
You want this life.


@14:01 - Andrew Wilkes
You want to make the money. Maybe you are, but you can't travel. Then you show all the B-roll of you like literally only working four hours a day and traveling.
And like that's literally, we just built out like a whole Google Drive based on that, based on everything I just asked my clients yesterday.


@14:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it, bro. But it works.


@14:16 - Andrew Wilkes
It works really well. I love it. I love it.


@14:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And that's what you have to do, right? That's what you have to do. So like Andrew, like kind of, I was asking Andrew on a one-on-one call and he was like, oh, like, okay, this is why you're asking.
And that's exactly it. Like on your client. Client calls, you must make it a priority, every client call you have, you need at least three insights as to why that person chose to work with you, at minimum three, because now you can reinforce that in your content.
I highly recommend every single one of you, right after this call, fill out this market research form. I just did this, this month, and I've been running my offer, I do this every single month, it's a non-negotiable for me.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Because if I can be consistent, at understanding what are the overall problems that people are struggling with, now I can create better content.
So, you have to realize that, this is the cause. The effect is the views, the format, the script, the tonality, the everything.
But the cause is the understanding on how to actually target that market. And so, what I need you guys to understand is like, if you understand, okay, the overall problems that people are facing is this.
The first thing that people face is that they don't even understand what builds a strong personal brand, they just film content.
for the sake of filming it, 90% of my ICP is struggling with this, they know content is important, but they don't know what goes into a strong brand, so they post content, and hope it sticks, which leads to inconsistent lead flow, because they're not generating any inbound leads, and they're one bad month away from feeling like it'll all fall apart, no real strategy when it comes to content, they're copying other creators thinking it'll make them go viral, and which makes them look like everyone else in their needs, niche, but the thing is, they know what makes them different, but they just don't know how to show it, so I position my vehicle, and my offer, as the thing that helps you pinpoint exactly what makes you different, and how to actually show it in formats, suddenly my perceived value for my offer is way up here, you gotta figure out like, what is that thing that they're struggling with, in order to get them to the next level, so for me, my ICP, you guys are all problem aware, you guys know how important content is,
That's what you chose me for. If I did ads, it would be very, very different. You guys probably wouldn't come to me.
But I did content, and you guys understand how important the branding is. So if I make you realize that we have insights, and, you know, we understand trends that nobody else understands at scale, you're going to want to buy into me.
And so now I'm calling out specific things that you guys are doing that'll make you feel, you know, like I'm talking to you.
So what is your ICP trying right now to try to achieve their desired solution that is not working? This could be finding YouTube videos online.
This could be jumping from side hustle to side hustle. This could be trying a new diet plan. You need to figure out what they're doing right now.
Because when you call them out, immediately, they're going to listen to you. Content as a whole, I don't, like, the reason why I'm really talking about this today is because I feel like all the one-on-one calls I've had, I've repeated myself.
You guys are looking to change the effect without changing the cause. The reason why your scripts are so , your videos get no views, is because you haven't even done the research to understand what they're even struggling with.
So you're not even talking to the right ICP. I need you guys to understand, the better you get at the market research and understanding what problems these guys face, what they've already tried, what they're doing right now, what are their ambitions, what are their goals, what's holding them back, all of these things.
Now you can snap your fingers and directly speak to them. And so many of you are just not doing it because it's boring.
Yusuf, this is the first time we've spoken, brother. But just for you, man, like, what do you think you're...
... ... ... Main ICP struggles with.


@18:32 - Yusuf
So the problem with my main ICP is, I want to pivot away from that. So my main ICP, they're quite broke, and they want to make money quickly.
So a lot of the time when they'll see me as somebody who went to university, didn't pursue the typical route, ended up doing a side hustle that made way more money and wants to do and replicate the same sort of thing.
But the problem with that is, if you have a very broke ICP, they can't afford a higher ticket program.
Or if they do, they expect quick results, and then they'll charge back and disputes, no matter how good my delivery is.
So I want to move away more so to an ICP of people who work nine-to-fives that want to start making money on the side with one to two hours per day.
Okay. And what's the obstacle stopping you from doing that right now? That's why, well, over the last month or so, I have started pivoting more towards that, and I have seen an improvement.


@19:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But I just...


@19:29 - Yusuf
I'm struggling with the content side of things, hence I joined.


@19:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So what that means is that you have to pick and choose stories. You guys have to pick and choose your stories that you want to tell.
Because if you say that, hey, I was in university, I dropped out, and then I made this work, guess who you're going to attract?
A bunch of university dropouts that are all bums. So what you guys want to do is I would recommend doing that market research doc, every single one of you.
I'll send you guys mine as a reference so that you guys can look at. And I want you to always ask a layer deeper, okay?
But what I also want you guys to do, I want you to look, I want you to write your story based on a third person perspective.
So let me show you what that looks like. And this will really get you guys to get the content.
And I'm going to go over all of this in the cohort stuff, but I'm giving you guys a bit of a glimpse right now.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Who is Sui? If people, okay, the reason why this works, I'll tell you fundamentally why you guys got to pay attention here.
The reason why this works is because people choose the person that they want to work with before they choose the best solution.
Nobody actually gives a about the best solution. In B2C, B2B, whatever industry you go to, people are not that logical to always choose the best solution.
Because if we're being honest, the best solution is probably someone that like, straight up just doesn't even have a brand at all.
So we don't even know of him, you know what mean? And so the reason why we've been able to generate all of this success and everything is because we've gotten people to fall in love with the person first.
And so what you need to do is you need to find what makes you different from every single person in your industry.
And the way to do that is by third person storytelling. We always say I, I, I. But let's talk in third person for now.
SooWei is the founder that grew up in a small town in Malaysia. When he was young, he wasn't smart, didn't have everything going for him, that was nothing special, his parents knew that, and sent him to everything he could imagine.
They sent him to math tuition, Chinese tuition, piano lessons, all that. And he would wake up at 7am, do tuition work, go to school, straight to tuition, then did soccer training, come home, eat dinner, go sleep, repeat.
This is his life for years. And so, I'm basically telling you my entire life story. Now, I'm going to go over this whole document, and you guys are going to be able to see what image and what perception I want to create from this story.
This was his life for years. Now, soon he was stubborn, he always wanted to do the opposite of what he was told.
He had bruises on his legs and hands for not doing what he was supposed to do. This is all true, by the way.
And so, this built his discipline and work ethic from a young age. He was taught to never just compete, but to win every single time.
He was carried into sports. So, he maintained a GPA of 3.9, SAT of 1400, not through skill, but through pure hard work.
He was naturally never... He good at school, but his work ethic and discipline allowed him to stay top of class, and then eventually he found online, and that's when his work ethic was combined with passion.
However, he came into a crossroad. He promised his mom that he would get a degree in college. His mom paid his first year of university out of her pocket, and when SooWei was trying to drop out because his business was already doing well, he thought about what his mom had actually sacrificed.
This was her lifetime dream for her son to graduate and get a degree. It was something no one in her family ever did, and it was more than a degree.
She had this dream ever since SooWei was young, sending him to tuition centers, paying for the best private school education, and everything was for the degree.
SooWei decided if he could balance both, decided he could balance both, and he did. He graduated university while running a business that is now making 500K a month at 20.
His college degree is now hung up on his mother's wall for her to look at every single day. This story has nothing to do about scaling companies.
It has nothing to do about... you know, what I actually do right now, but you see my morals, you see my values, and you see what I actually care about through this story.
And so now I can take bits and pieces of that story and turn them into reels and YouTube videos while telling, while giving value.
Does that make sense? You guys sound like everybody else because you've never even mapped out your story in detail, but I'd argue, like, what is your story from a third-person perspective, and what advice can you give, or what morals and values can you share through this?
So even if it's not applicable to my industry right now, and it's technically, it's no value, right? What does it do, though?
It gets you to fall in love with me as a person. Because the number one thing that I show is that I am not a spoiled person that was handed everything.
I worked my way up here, and I did everything. everything because I truly wanted to. And so you want a person that has discipline and work ethic in your corner to tell you what to do, correct?
You'd all want to work with somebody like that. That's the first thing. The second thing is, it shows that my morals and values are aligned because I care about my mom and my family.
I'm not in this college stuff for myself. I could care less about the degree. I don't know what I'll do with that piece of paper, but I'll hang it up on my mom's wall, you know?
I'll hang it up on my mom's wall because that's how much it means. It to her. So off of that story alone, you already have two to three reasons as to why you should like me as a person.
And I'm portraying an image that's so different from every other online coach out there that now I'm a category of one.
So now because you resonated with me on my morals, values, and who I am as a person, everything I say in my values sounds 10 times better.
Does that make sense? make I need every... I one of you to write a full My Story Breakdown, write it out fully, and I promise you, when you get good at storytelling, and you get good at getting people to like you as a person, selling becomes so easy, because they buy into you, they buy into you, you know?
That's the cool stuff. Jacob, what's up, man?


@25:53 - Jakob Schnitzler
I mean, that kind of goes hand, like, with also what Yusuf said, like, for people, like, for example, Yusuf or me, that their story is basically, and you've done, you've mastered that, because you're a uni student, and you're attracting, like, 20, 30k people, but how do you attract your ICP, when, like, really, like, your story, like, the story you do display, if I would talk one-on-one on my story, I would obviously attract younger kids that don't want You know what I'm saying?
Like, how do you attract that higher ICP through your story? Like, do you have, like, a framework for that, or how do you do it?
I mean, You have a framework.


@26:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So you pick and choose, so this is why the market research is so important, you guys need to do the market research before you do the story, you pick and choose the specific pain points that only your ICP faces, that a broke college kid wouldn't face, if that makes sense, so I wouldn't actually tell that story as a whole, I'm only telling that to you guys now, because now we can pick and choose specific things, but like the story that I tell, the way that I integrate university into my marketing is that I use it as like a super, super like, small part component, so I don't attract university students, I'm like, the main message is like, I run this type of company that makes millions of dollars a year, part time while in university, and so that part time while in university is such a curiosity peak that gets you to think, what the , this kid's different, because everyone else I know lives in Miami in a penthouse, that's 20, you know what I mean, like that's, immediately it's like, this guy's different, and also it builds curiosity, so the best story.
Stories that you can tell will build curiosity and will open a loop to get people to care about what you have to say in the content side of things.
So when I say I'm running a million-dollar-per-year company while in university, the first open loop that you have is like, how the do you even have enough time?
Now, what people don't know is that I only go to uni like once or twice a week, and I only have like one or two classes.
But do you see how I packaged it in that way to build that curiosity? The goal with stories is to get you to be likable, but also build that gap to where it's like, hey, you know, this is why you should listen to me.
This is why I'm different. And this is the wow factor. So, Jacob, to, you know, circle back to your question, it's not about telling the full-on story.
Like, I would never actually sit down and tell like a full-on story unless I was in a podcast. Like, wouldn't film a reel talking about my entire, like, come up or whatever, but I would add specific things like, hey, my discipline was built not because...
I just wanted to make money, but it was ingrained in me as a kid. And so you'd rather have someone in your corner coaching you and teaching you that was from a third world country that was raised with discipline and work ethic than some guy that just was born into a nice family in the US and decided to make money for the sake of doing it and bought a car and bought a penthouse and bought everything.
The perception that I want to create is like, hey, I'm different because this is how I use my money because this is how I was raised.
So you pick and choose specific things. If I were to ever tell a story like that, the only goal of that story would not be to actually create, you know, value or whatever.
would just get you to like me as a person and differentiate me from the guy that is in Miami and, you know, spending his money on cars and stuff.
Because correct me if I'm wrong, that's a lot of the reason why you guys chose me is because I didn't use flashy things to sell.
Coronavirus. Right? That's the main reason. So if I lean into that, and I'm like, hey, the reason why I don't even have flashy stuff is because I wasn't raised to idolize that stuff.
I wasn't raised in the US, I was raised in Malaysia, where work ethic and discipline was the standard. Now you're like, bro, I want to work with this guy, because he's different.
He doesn't think like how my friends think or how everyone else here thinks. He cares more about his clients, he cares more about this, cares more about that.
That's what that story's meant to How? So Jacob, it would mainly be the market research part, and then, and then the storytelling as well.
Yeah.


@30:07 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah. So one follow up question to that, like, I've done the full market research when with my clients and everything.
And particularly for my offer, the problem is that, I mean, if you're, you've been in high level sports, the pain points are the same.
Like, the pro player struggles the same, like the high school player does, like, kind of like the problems you have just on another level.
So how we kind of package that, like, you see, like, when you say, for example, like, a 10K a month earner and a 30K a month earner, like, a 30K a month earner needs to be good at, like, different things, so you can target those different things, like team management, but for me, it's like, they panic under pressure.
It's just, like, that the high school student has five seconds, the pro has 0.5 seconds, let's say, but it's, like, the same point.


@30:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that one would obviously be a bit more tricky, but the main thing is, like, that would just honestly be a volume game, but I can tell you from, like, you're naturally always going to attract the less qualified ICP, and the thing is, like, you guys think I only attract 30 to 100K a month online coaches?
No, I still attract a lot of pro keys, all right? Like, that's just how the content game is played.
You have to play it in the long run, so. It's not like, oh, I have a filter and my content is so good that I only attract 30K a month plus guys.
Like, I wish that was the case, you know? If that was the case, I'd be. You know, it would be like 2 million a month or something, but that's not the case, so I'm playing the volume game as well, and we're just like, I'm just, like, we're constantly trying to find, like, what is that thing that these guys struggle with that nobody else does?
So it is a matter of, like, maybe not talking about the reaction time or under pressure, but, you know, you've already performed at this level, but now you've hit this level, and now you don't know how to stand out.
Boom. Okay, that's a professional type of thing, because people, like, in high school, they're already probably already standing out in their thing, you know what I mean?
And so it's like, you dominated the previous level, but now you can't dominate this level. Now that's a pain point, and then, okay, you go off of that.
Now that's your first one. Then what's the second? What's the third? What's the fourth? So you're looking at the things.
Technically, 30K a month guy struggles with booking calls as well. I don't talk about that. I talk about team management.
So you got to pick and choose the pain points that you talk about. It's not about, oh, it's black and white.
It's not binary, bro. You just have to constantly dig deep and find what is that thing that's different. Brent, take it from there, okay?
Perfect, thank you so much.


@32:33 - Jakob Schnitzler
Of course, of course.


@32:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But that's what I'll say, like, that's, if there's one, if there's two things you take away from the call, do your market research and do it well.
And every time you hop on a one-on-one client call, your goal should be to get three check-ins and you can weave it in and out of your client stuff.
So if you haven't realized already, when I hop on one-on-ones with you guys, the thing that I mention is like, hey, I always ask you guys, is what made you buy?
Because what made you buy is also the reason that your clients would buy from you, right? We were literally just talking about this the other day, on Monday, right?
I was literally just saying that. Do you remember the exact question I asked?


@33:12 - Reyes Abalos
I think you asked me, well, you had asked me why did we buy from you, but then basically right afterwards, you asked, like, what?
That's the same exact reason why they would buy from me.


@33:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't remember the exact question off the top of my head, bro. Yeah, but yeah, it was along those lines.
And then I remember asking why, like, three times. you. And then we got to the point where it was like, you're just killing it in a different industry, and you wanted to apply what I did in my industry to your industry.
That was the main thing, right? And you wanted to build a brand and all that. So like, you guys always want to find insights and data in everything that you do.
Because now you can turn, you a day full of boring, I won't say boring, but like, a day full of client calls where you say the same stuff, to like, insight-driven calls where you You're collecting data and information on what makes you different.
And that's your marketing material, that's your ammo, that's your ammunition that you can use.


@34:08 - Reyes Abalos
Yo, Suwe, real quick, brother, I do remember when you told me now, it was, we were talking about it, and you asked me why three times.
And then literally, you showed me your market research document. And as you were describing the problems, I was like, bro, that's literally word for word, exactly how I would describe it.
And it makes sense because it's like, you're, you're... Providing a solution that's so specific to what I'm looking for, but I'm more interested first because I just feel like you're so relatable and you're different, and now I'm open to the solution.


@34:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I got my foot in the door because you liked me as a person first. So that's when your ears are open.
You got to understand, like, imagine if someone, if some guy walked up to you and just started giving you advice, you wouldn't have listened to him.
Why would you care? Why would you listen? And so my foot in the door was making myself relatable and making myself likable by having the same morals, values, and relating to you.
Finding what we have, what is our common ground? I find a common ground that we have. I talk about that.
That opens the door. That opens the opportunity for me to actually give value. And then that's when I talk about your pain point.
The first pain point you're facing is probably this. The second is probably this. Third is probably this. And then that's when you're even listening.
So a lot of you are trying to give advice to someone that has closed ears. So do you open those ears?
How do you get people to listen to you? You get them to like you first as a friend. So whether that's talking about your story, whether that's finding the middle ground, sharing your morals and values, doing all that, right?
Like you really want to get good at thinking about that stuff, because that's when it's just so much easier to build that trust and build that gap.
And yeah, you just separate yourself, okay? So Reyes, that was perfect, brother. I appreciate that. Pedro, what's up, man?


@36:03 - Pedro Oliveira
What up? Dude, first of all, about the cohort, I just want to say like, I've been, I'm sure other people have been as well through other mentorships.
Every single time you do anything, which I understand, like they charge for it. So you just being willing to just give that to us and put us through the cohort, like you're a G, bro.
You're definitely a Of course, of course, course.


@36:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@36:26 - Pedro Oliveira
And then the question I have is like, in terms. In of how much you talk about your story, like, how would you balance that in your content?
Like, how do you balance that in your content? Like, how much, how much would you say we should talk about our story and who we are as a person, and balance that with the value and even proof?
Really good question.


@36:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So it depends on what your audience, like, you should ask your audience what they want from you. So if you're putting out value content and it's not hitting, that means they have their ears closed.
They're scrolling to every time that you post that reel. And so what that means is you need more storytelling.
You know what I mean? And the moment that you get a lot, like, stories, you get good at storytelling, people like who Pedro is, they resonate with who you are as a person, and they're just, like, really messing with you as a person, and then you give value.
See how they respond to that. So a lot of the times it's just, like, kind of understanding, like, hey, what does my audience need at this point in time?
Do they need more value and more information? Have I been, have I? not given enough? Or do they need, do they need to actually find a reason to actually listen to me?
Do they need to actually like me? And mess with me as a person? So it comes down to like, just reverse engineering why your content is performing or isn't performing.
And then if it's not performing, is it because your value actually sucks? Or is it because they have closed ears?
So if you look at the way that my content, like if you scroll all the way back to when my first viral videos started popping off, bro, all of my first viral videos were actually about me.
Like my first ever viral viral video was like, I don't want to buy a car, I want to buy my mom a Birkin.
And it's so funny that that's my first viral video because like, she saw that video and she was like, don't buy me a Birkin, like buy me a flight ticket or something.
And so I just bought her a flight ticket to come see me in London the other day, which is sick, you know?
So that was like the first ever video that popped off and so I was like okay like let me do a few more of these and then once people really liked me as a person that's when they actually listened to me what I was saying so it's not a matter of like oh what's the cadence the cadence is what your audience dictates it's what your audience decides for you so if you feel like hey you're putting out value but no one's listening you have that gut feeling like right now correct me if I'm wrong your value videos aren't hitting and performing the way that you want them to right and so I would lean more towards storytelling on who Pedro is and how you even got to this because the backstory and the context that people have is more important the value itself if I give if I repeated the same script that you repeated Pedro my video would perform better on paper not because the value was better because people have context that I run this type of company that's doing this amount of numbers I have this amount of client results I've been doing this for five years since I was 16 these are context and cues that
Also, teach me a different way to perceive the value that you've given me. So, if you don't give your audience context, you're shooting yourself in the foot because you sound like everybody else.
My competitive advantage is that I have so much context behind what I do that everything I say sounds better.
Does that make sense? You haven't given them a backstory to look at so that they care about your stuff enough.


@39:58 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, I'll work on that. So, go ahead, go ahead. I was just going to say, like, I think you're right.
And there's, I'm sure there's for all of us as well, like, there's something that makes us stand out from every other mentor or every other coach.


@40:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly. You just have to find it. You just have to find it. And that's why I thought about the image at the start of this call.
Now, I can say that for me, but then Hormuzi and Iman is up here. So, if they say the same thing that I did, they'll still get 10x my views.
So, there's levels. next Because they've mastered the perception and the image that they're trying to create. When Hormozzi says something on a reel, without him saying a word, we already assume that he's going to spit game because he has a portfolio of over $100 million companies.
He has, you know, this huge success, he's exited gym launch, like the image that we have of Hormozzi is so high because of the perception and the image that he's created.
Same thing with Mon, do you really think he makes that much of WAP? Like I think the main thing with WAP is him partnering with WAP was to legitimize what he's doing and get out of the whole info space because now he's partnered with a real company.
It was all a publicity play. But the fact that he's, oh, he's a co-owner of WAP, oh, he acquired this company.
He's trying to get into different verticals to establish that image. And so the more you understand the perception that you're trying to create, the better your value videos will perform.
Because people have context as to who you are, and people make assumptions before you even speak a word. Make sense?


@41:38 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, bro. That's, yeah, that's really good. Thank you. Of course, man.


@41:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up, brother?


@41:45 - Andrew @drutransforms
It's kind of piggybacking off of the same thing Pedro was asking, but when you're talking about, like, the likeness and versus value, are you talking about straight personality, like they only get to know you, or that's sprinkled in with some sort of value as well?
Because, for example, like, this past week, I posted a video that was kind of like, you know what, screw it, I'm just going to show more personality, like less value style.
There was literally no tactical value for people to extract, and it did, like, four times better than a regular video of mine did.
So are you talking, like, straight personality, like, kind of get them to know and like you, and then no value at all, or kind of just integrate the two while still kind of leaning on the personality side?
But, man, there's no right or wrong.


@42:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There's no right or wrong. There isn't a right answer or a wrong answer. Just do what works. So if you see that Forex outlier, bro, double down on that .
Double down on that . And then reverse engineer, like, why did that perform four times better? And it's like, oh, it's like, bro, I just being myself.
So now it's like, how can I be myself when I'm giving value? Okay, now I have to find a format where I'm giving value, where I'm being authentic.
So it could be me recording a group call. You know what I mean? It's like, you have to reverse engineer why the video performed.
Yes, it's definitely like a story video, which is great. But at the same time, you have to like, okay, why did that video actually perform?
Well, it's most likely because I just didn't give a .


@43:10 - Andrew @drutransforms
Yeah, it literally was, like you said, didn't give a . It was just super relatable. It was me talking about how I had to take a mid workout.
Yeah, people ate it up. It was relatable. was funny. People got to see my personality. And that was kind of like, again, no value, but more comments, like more people sent it to me, said like, holy , this happens to me.
All the time, like those.


@43:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's kind of relatable type of things. Bro, run that, yeah, run that. And so, there's no right or wrong, man.
Like, I think a lot of you guys look at content as if it's like a science. Yes, it is a science, but the best people that do content don't even think.
It just comes natural to them. You know what I mean? So, when you guys can get good at that and, you know, you're doubling down on what works, just make it happen.
Don't overthink it, all right? Cool, appreciate it, bro.


@43:56 - Andrew @drutransforms
Of course.


@43:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, did you have something, man?


@43:59 - Andrew Wilkes
I did. was more of a, like, an add-on comment. So, on our call, I kind of brought up, like, the fact that you followed me.
And then I laugh because when you talk about, like, how you, like, perceive yourself, what you wear, like, with Iman, with WAP, I basically have, like, because I'm friends with every one of my competitors or, like, anyone in my industry, I have every single person in my, like, niche in my industry that does what I do basically following me, right?
Even some I don't follow back because I unfollow them because I don't like their content or some , right?
because they're a bigger creator, and then they like get a DM from me, or they come from an ad, and then they see like my following, and they follow like three of my competitors, and they see they all follow me, it's like the same thing as like email with WAP, it like legitimizes what I'm doing, it's like, oh, he's, they associate, right, I say it a lot, it's like my clients and myself, like the more you kind of like, how you appear, how you talk to a certain demographic, you'll be attracted, like when I was a fitness coach, I was attracted to like finance bros and lawyers, and like those kind of guys, because that's how I dressed and talked, it was a big aspect of like, the tonality is a big thing in content, yeah, yeah, that's what I've noticed about you, is like your tonality is so like, calm and professional, that you don't even have to be doing calm and professional stuff, to attract the calm and professional people, yeah, right, because your tonality is there, I love it, I love that you pointed it out, because not a lot of people pay attention to that, you guys got to understand, like I, I paid a communication coach to literally criticize, how I can, how I, criticize how I talk right now, so I can appeal to a more sophisticated level of audience,


@45:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And I don't think I'm anywhere close to where I could be, but we've done a pretty good job of like finding how to actually present myself because we're not that in your face people, but we're like passive aggressive almost where it's like, I'm passive and I'm calm, but I'm also passionate in what I say.
So it comes across strong as well. You know what I mean? So that was spot on, bro. That's sick.
That's sick. Have you figured out what's the angle that you want to take now, Andrew? Or are you still brainstorming?
Oh, no, no, no. We, we figured it out.


@45:59 - Andrew Wilkes
What is it, some content. Yeah. We're doing, um, I'm taking a very big approach on just like anything that I would say talking head for like the organicness.
I'm taking like my like cinematic background. I'm just like going less volume until we got like, cause we just hired three editors.
So like I can, I've handled my fulfillment. So I'm just going to rip content. But, um, basically I'm spending like two hours every morning, writing down ideas and bullet points instead of scripting to get my tonality across.
And I'm just trying different angles and B roll. Like we have like. I traveled for two years, dude, and we, I have so much B-roll, that I haven't even used, that I'm just gonna be able to rip, so it's like we're going a very like, big brother business approach, where it's like, like you said, I'm not supposed to be here approach, yeah, I really like that, and I think it's gonna rip.


@46:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's run it, bro, let's run it, let's make it happen. lot of stuff done now.


@46:47 - Andrew Wilkes
I love it, I love it.


@46:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
One thing that you guys can implement, know, just a small tip for every single one of you, practice like, communication, practice like, how you talk.
I think if you guys do that, that it's a, it's a thing that nobody else actually works on, but it's something that I worked on that really allowed me to build the conviction that I have in everything that I say, and, you know, when I do a script, when I, let's say I write a script for a reel, my, my, my test is like, can I say it out loud with conviction?
And if I can't, then I'll change some aspect of that reel, you know, like, people just, you know, we, we like to write on our notion, and we're like, oh, you know, this is the script that I'm gonna do, this is that.
But it's like, it doesn't matter how you write it down, it matters how you say it. So what point is all that writing down and scripting all that, if you're not actually practicing how you say it?
So I know the way that I'm going to say certain words before I even say them. I'll show you guys this video, like, bro, you got to be a good actor when it comes to this content , I'm telling you.
You have to like play into roles and stuff. You seriously do. Let me find one of these videos where I really did a good job with that.
Okay. I mean, you guys have all seen this video. But pay attention to like my tonality and how I come across in the first part.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Let me make sure that you guys can hear. Okay, just pay attention to this part, all right? My mom, in just over six months, she told me that she felt very lonely for the first time in her life.
All her kids are away. She doesn't know what to really do about the last minute flight. And we are going to surprise my mom, let's go ahead and head to the airport, it's a 14 hour flight, it's a okay, I already knew what background music I was going to play, I was like, I'm going to have like a more mellow, sad music playing in the background, so when I, if I talk the same way that I'm talking right now, it's just going to come across weird, it's not, the execution is not going to be on point, so you got to understand like, what is the emotion that you're trying to, that you're trying to convey to your audience, as I'm speaking this specific part of the reel.
And so the way that you convey that, that message is going to dictate how you actually talk about whatever that script is, you know, so you want to almost like understand where's the background music that's playing, where's the emotion I'm trying to convey, and everything that I'm trying to do in that specific reel, so that when I am scripting it out, I can say it in a way where it sounds very, very natural.
Everything I said in that, in that video was scripted, like straight up, you know, it was scripted, but I did it in a way where it was,
It felt very genuine, and it was, it came from the heart as well, so that's that. Hoku, what's up, man?


@49:37 - Hoku Arnold
So, like, you're saying to, like, kind of exaggerate it, like, I guess not fake it, because the way I see it, like, are you somewhat faking it for the, like, obviously you're not faking it hard, but, like, you are kind of playing into that role.


@49:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. You have to understand that if you're not playing into the role, you're kind of trying to be, like, if you're not playing into the role, you're just, like, making it harder for yourself.
So, like, that message, the message in that specific reel that I just showed you was, how can you make sure that you're, how can you make sure that family is always going to be the number one priority over business?
That was, like, the overarching message, and the story to actually convey that message, to deliver that message was, like, hey, my mom.
She hasn't seen me in six months, for the first time in her life, she felt lonely. And so why do I even use like mom?
First of all, mom and son relationships, mom and son dynamics are actually much stronger than son and dad. It's usually daughter and dad, mom and son, usually.
And people resonate with that a lot more because sons are usually closer to their moms than they are with their dads.
So that was the overarching message that I want to display. And then the way that I deliver that message is through describing detail with the fact that my mom was actually sad with me not being home and stuff, which was true, you know?
Of course, of course, of course.


@51:09 - Hoku Arnold
I just don't want to feel like I'm not authentic at the same time. But like I get like you're kind of playing with it like a like as a surgeon, like you're really just dialing it in and exaggerating.
I feel like I haven't done that with my content. I feel like I'm trying to be too authentic. Yeah, but obviously don't want to fake it, you know, at the same time.


@51:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I would, I mean, one thing that I would do is I would like to script it out, and then just say something along those lines, and get your editor to clip out the best part.
So I repeated that thing like three, four times, and then that was like the best one. So yeah, that's it.
Like, I just, I just wouldn't stress too much about it. But yeah, bro, just be intentional about the emotion you're trying to convey.
That's the most important thing. Because the thing is, you don't even have to fully script it. If you know the emotion you want to convey, your tonality will sound better.
natural. Like I even spoke slower. I had no tonality and everything. My voice was mellow and soft. So the way I delivered that message directly aligned with the message I wanted to actually deliver.
You know, 100%. It makes sense.


@52:15 - Hoku Arnold
Yeah.


@52:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But how's Thailand, bro? You're in Thailand right now. Yeah, with George. Yeah, bro. Georgie.


@52:20 - Hoku Arnold
Yeah. I just met up with them yesterday. That's fire.


@52:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I heard the Wi-Fi is dookie. Boof, bro.


@52:27 - Hoku Arnold
George sold the bag, bro.


@52:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, it's fine, it's fine, okay, but yeah, bro, let me know how that goes, I'll, I can review some of your scripts as well, so just send them over, alright?


@52:36 - Hoku Arnold
A hundred percent, appreciate you. Cool.


@52:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up, brother?


@52:40 - Andrew Wilkes
Uh, just, I dropped a communication video that, like, I watched a lot when I was in sales, uh, he's great at communication, if you're working on, like, tonality, or how to get, like, your tone across, and, like, speak fluidly, um, he's a great one.
There's also, like, there's a lot of stuff, like, literally look into acting, because it's, like, you can still be yourself, it's just about, like, how you talk I it, and I like to listen to the audio that I'm going to use for videos, for motivational videos, while I'm doing it, or right before I listen to it, while I'm thinking about what I'm going to say.


@53:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it, I love it. Hell yeah, man, hell yeah. Sick, sick. Any other questions, guys, before we go ahead and wrap up?
Kennedy, what's up?


@53:22 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, and maybe you might go into this, um, in one of the mod, or the cohort, but.


@53:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Basically, I'm just curious, is.


@53:29 - Kennedy Davis
to, like, how do you, when you, like, your workflow of scripting and ideating, so it's, like, do you have, kind of how you just told him, like, you have an overarching message for what you want to persuade through that video, and then do you do it, like, okay, I know what I want to do, I connect it to my ICP because I know they feel this way, and then script it, like, you know what I'm trying to say, so basically, how do you connect all the pieces and make sure that in the content that you're putting out, to execute well?
that.


@54:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, you essentially want to look at the market research data, and, you know, the exercise, the two exercises I told you guys to do today, you know, your story and your market research stuff, like, that is almost, like, in the back of your head when you're scripting.
And so, when you feel like, oh, you're stuck, you can kind of, like, pull out specific things that you remember writing down in the market research phase into that script.
And so, the main goal... goal... Market research is not to just like do it for the sake of doing it.
no, no. It's to do it because you have it in the back of your mind now so that when you are scripting videos, everything is coming across very, very smooth.
That would be the main thing. It's like in the back of your head so that you understand how to actually appeal to this ICP because everything that you do is speaking to one person.
Too many of you overcomplicate content because you're trying to speak to everybody. You're trying to speak to everybody. But it's like, if you just know one person, okay, let's say there's one person, Steve.
It's one person, Steve. And Steve struggles with X, Y, and Z. And he wants A, B, C, but he's stuck at, you know, D, E, F.
Now the scripting process is so much easier because instead of trying to target everybody, it's one person. So that market research phase is meant to be in the back of your head and you're always going to read it and always going to add on to it whenever you can.
I'm a year and a half into running this offer. And I'm still doing market research. So what does that tell you?
That's how important it is. I wouldn't give you guys things to do if I wasn't doing it myself. Okay?
So that's the first thing. The second thing is you want to have ideation days where it's just days where you just ideate.
If your idea is , no matter how good you're scripting, no matter how good your market research is, it's all useless.
The fundamental idea is the most important thing in the entire content process. And so you guys need to spend, when you do that two to three hours, I wouldn't recommend ideating, scripting, and refining the script in two hours.
I would recommend like two hours of just ideating. And then tomorrow you do two hours of like putting together the pieces of like, oh, this idea resonates with this pain point, I can structure it this way.
You know what I mean? So I'd have like scripting days, I'd have ideation days, and then I'd have filming days.
That's what I would do. And that'll really give you the ability. to get better at each skill. Because if you can break it down, content in itself is very easy.
It's ideating, scripting, filming. A lot of you guys try to do all three in one day. You expect to make it work.
Of course, it doesn't work. But if you just do one thing at a time for two hours, you get really good at that thing over time.
And then next day, you script out the idea that you, the top three ideas from the day before, how much easier would that be?
Because now you've already done your research and you already, like as you wrote out that idea, throughout the rest of the day when you do take calls, your brain is processing how you can put together the script so that tomorrow you can script out the full thing.
Does that make sense? Yeah, for sure. So it's like you put it, it's like you plant a seed in your head to where the next day you can fully script it out.
And because it's like you give your things, you give your brain food for thought. That's how I would describe it.
Yeah.


@57:21 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah. It's almost like why it said with the multitasking, I feel like you do that with ideating and scripting.
It's so bad. Yeah, yeah, so for sure that helps. Thank you.


@57:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome, awesome. What days do you do filming, scripting, and posting? I just alternate. There's no specific days. I wouldn't say, like, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Like, if I'm, you know, if I don't have any idea banks or any really good ideas, I just, like, you know, ideate for that day.
And the next day I script. And then if it's good enough, next day I record. But I don't force it.
I don't have, like, a strict schedule where it's, like, Monday, Tuesday. Like, that's just what works for me. I'm a more flexible type of guy.
don't like to, I don't like a rigid workflow. Okay. That's the main thing. Cool. Any other questions, guys? You guys are all good?
Jacob, what's up?


@58:19 - Jakob Schnitzler
Maybe one last one, touching off Kennedy. In terms of, you said, like, you first have the idea, and then you connect it to the pain point.


@58:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Could you kind of go deeper into that?


@58:29 - Jakob Schnitzler
Because as I... Right now, I'm like looking through a market research, looking at the pain points, and then I'm thinking of ideas about the pain points, but you just said it the other way around, so...


@58:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It can be both. It can be both. It's not one or the other. So that's also really good. Like, look at this.
There's no right or wrong. Don't think that it's like, oh, you know, I have to do it this way or it's wrong.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Like, look at this. I want to try to make over $500,000 cash collected completely organically, and here's my exact approach to content.
If you're always using regurgitated information that is already on YouTube, you're second. You're third. People have already heard that.
Part of the reason why I've gotten the result I've gotten is because I have bought so much information that is behind paywalls that I'm always the first person to bring that information into the free content world.
So if you looked at another creator and you copied his hook or you copied what he was saying and you regurgitated someone else's YouTube information, you feel called out to.
What pain point does this hit on, Jakob? Well, what do you think? Yeah, like this copying others and never like- Exactly.
Exactly. So that one right there, copying other creators thinking it'll make them go viral. I tied this pain point to that reel, and it performed well.
got 30k views in three days. Bro, it does work, you know? So I wouldn't say yours is wrong. You just have to like find a way to make it.
You see how it's like the hook was strong, where it's like, I want to try to make 500k a month purely organically, and here's my exact approach.
Now that appeals to a wider TAM. And then I go in specifically about why I never talk about regurgitated information, and why that's wrong.
And so I hit on a pain point that I got in my market research. Make sense?


@1:00:21 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yes, perfect. Of course.


@1:00:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. Sick. Guys, I will say, I will solve like 99% of every single one of your questions. just a bit.
This cohort, like, you joined at the right time, all right? I'm just going to say that. So we're going to build out this eight-week live bootcamp for you guys.
It's going to be the most in-depth thing ever. It's going to be crazy. It's seriously going to be crazy.
So me and the team, we're going to be very, very busy building this out. It's going to be fun.
It's going to be a really fun ride. And I think we're going to really establish so many strong content industry leaders in so many different niches and verticals.
And that's the real goal of it. And it'll make the appointment setting stuff easier, the sales stuff easier, all of that, okay?
So we'll have, like, worksheets. I'll give you guys a sneak peek. We'll have, like, worksheets of, like, what things to fill out, you know?
Obviously, now I'm just kind of, like, saying it. Like, oh, do this. But we'll have eventual worksheets for, like, the storytelling, how to map out the right stories, all of that.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
We're going to build this alongside with you guys. So, man, I'm telling you, good things are coming. All right?
Good things are coming. I'm to just say that. So, hope you guys are excited, uh, we're gonna wrap it up here, I'll see you guys on the Friday call, all right?
Yeah, so take care guys, peace, see ya. Thank you.


Friday Q&A - March 13
Friday Q&A - March 13


VIEW RECORDING - 68 mins (5 secs of highlights)




@0:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I'm doing well, I'm doing well.


@0:01 - Fynn Lühdorff
How about you? Good, brother.


@0:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're just staying in the house all day.


@0:05 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, I have to.


@0:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Are you not allowed to go out or what's happening over there?


@0:10 - Fynn Lühdorff
No, it's just cold, you know. Okay.


@0:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I feel that. Cool, cool, cool. Oh, wait, you're not in Dubai anymore? No, no, I just flew back.


@0:21 - Fynn Lühdorff
I think on the Wednesday call, I don't remember. I think I was already here, but... Say it again?


@0:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think I was already here in the Wednesday call, but yeah, I flew back. Oh, okay. So you're safe now?
Yeah.


@0:37 - Fynn Lühdorff
Cool.


@0:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jacob, how you doing, brother? You all good? Good, how about yourself?


@0:43 - Jakob Schnitzler
Good, man. Got a bit of a flu, actually.


@0:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Got a bit of a cold recently, but... Yeah, it's hot. Yeah, I think I've just been staying up a bit late, so...
Gonna get my sleep schedule all fixed up, and then we should be good to go. But yeah, hope everyone...
Joe, are you doing, man?


@1:02 - Joe Dooley
Hey, man, doing great. Just had a great call with George this morning. Have another call with Aiden. We're rocking and rolling, bro.
We're right there, man. We're right there. Things are good. love it.


@1:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, George is a killer, huh? I know, bro.


@1:13 - Joe Dooley
He's great. The whole team, they're all killers, bro. He did a great job. They're all so dialed in, man.
Exactly what I expected from someone like yourself. They're a great reflection of you, bro. Seriously, your team is dialed.


@1:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I appreciate that, man. Of course, brother. Of course. I had to make sure, bro, like, the thing where we take most pride in is, obviously, you know, we have a really good product, but there's no good product if there's no good team.
So, we really had to make sure that, you know, vetted these guys, trained these guys, all that. And all of them are in-house, so it's really, really cool.
Yeah, man. It's good to see. I have that in my home service company.


@1:54 - Joe Dooley
My team is so dialed in there.


@1:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. It's nice to see it elsewhere.


@1:58 - Joe Dooley
I love it. I love it.


@1:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I it. I love Stickman. Andrew, how are you? That setup looks clean, bro.


@2:05 - Andrew Wilkes
Good. I'm good. Sorry. There's a few Andrews in here.


@2:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I was making sure it was me.


@2:09 - Andrew Wilkes
Good, man.


@2:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good.


@2:11 - Andrew Wilkes
Everything's been fun. I love it. I love it.


@2:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. All right, guys, we can go ahead and get started. mean, these are the first Friday call for some of you guys.
These are a lot more chill, a lot more laid back. There's no real, I want to say there's no real presentation, but this is more so like, okay, like what questions do you guys have?
Some of, some people that are busy, you guys can ask a question, get right out if you want to.
Some people that like being part of these calls, you guys can stay, listen to other people's questions, get them answered as well.
And then towards the end, we'll do a bit of content reviews and we'll take it from there. Okay. So whoever wants to start us off, feel free to just unmute.
We can start with some questions and yeah, we'll get it going. Minjay, what's up, man? Thank you, man.


@2:58 - 민제 김
man. Congratulations. You're welcome. you, man. Appreciate it, man. That's amazing. So yeah, I just wanted to ask some questions around scripting, bro.
So I've been really dialing in with the DM settings, but now I'm looking into bettering my scripts. So yeah.
I'll just drop the link.


@3:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'll do them at the end. I'm going to get some questions sorted first, and then when it comes to the scripts, we'll review.
I'm not looking to do, we could do script reviews, but I'm more looking for some content reviews. If that, if that, if that makes sense.


@3:32 - 민제 김
Yeah, no worries. Uh, in that case, like I could drop like one of my contents and yeah, we could, uh, talk about that.
Yeah.


@3:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
As I said, like at the, at the end, um, at the end of a call, I'm going to do like regular Q and A stuff first.


@3:48 - 민제 김
Sounds good. Cool. Kevin, what's up, man?


@3:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's up, man?


@3:52 - Kevin Walton
I was wondering if you can just tell me, with, um, I just had a sales call this morning for a client that was actually in my ICP.
And. And. With the budget that is within my program. They, they didn't, I didn't get to close them because of mainly two reasons.
One is the fact that they had to leave after the call for a meeting, which I believe he had a meeting, but I couldn't do that.
So it was a bit of urgency. The second thing is, this is probably my fault because I don't actually show us my content, but he wanted to see like part of my program is editing videos for you.
Like I help you film, teach you how to film, and then we can take care of the videos. He wanted to see the videos that we were able to edit.
So I sent the website to the contractor that we hire to make these videos. And then he just basically, he's he's going to review the content that he does and they will come back to me.
So I don't really, I know for the future is like, I need to really showcase that in my content that like, here's all stuff we have so that he doesn't have questions for that.
But I was just wondering what I would, what should I do in that situation?


@4:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, yeah, I mean, like. Mavis said a follow-up call would make a lot of sense. The thing is, it's like, how long was that sales call?
It was about 45 minutes.


@5:08 - Kevin Walton
Okay, so you should have got that close in the 45 minutes.


@5:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
In my eyes, anything more than 30 minutes, that means your marketing didn't do a good enough job. Because you have to understand, it's like, when it comes to content and personal branding and just audience awareness levels, bro, 30 minutes is more than enough time.
And so, like, a habit that you guys should get into, when I was still closing, time how long your sales calls take.
Like, just straight up time it. And every single sales call that you should do should go shorter and shorter and shorter and shorter until it's like eventually like 20 minutes.
And then, yeah, 20 minutes, 15 minutes, the majority of them are going to be laydowns. But that's one thing I'd do for you.
Start timing your sales calls. And then in that situation, like, hey, yeah, no problem. Are free same time tomorrow?
We can go over this after you go over that stuff. And just make it very casual. It's like a, yeah, I mean, no worries, man.
You can do what you want. But... Prepare for, I want you to make the best decision, so don't rush it.


@6:03 - Kevin Walton
You can go over this and we can meet same time tomorrow.


@6:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sound good? I think it's so easy for him to say yes. That's the second thing I'd do. then third thing is like, if that's a question that you're getting repeatedly, then it's very, very, you should definitely put that in your post bookie.
But again, that's very hyper specific. So maybe you could show that in stories, reels, YouTube videos, whatever it is.
Just get it out there, right? Yeah, no, that's really helpful.


@6:30 - Kevin Walton
No, appreciate it, Thank you so much, Joel.


@6:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course, man. Of course. Jacob, what's up, man?


@6:37 - Jakob Schnitzler
What's up, G? So I got a couple of questions. So first thing is like kind of asking you on my situation what my A plus problem is, because I've been like kind of like the setting is dialed in.
My content is kind of going, like it's going well. And I have a lot of leads, but the problem I'm looking into right now is that a lot of them like don't have the funds.
clients to do it, like they're super bought in, and I had like three or four sales calls now where they were literally like they wanted everything and it was just like a lack of funds.
And my first question is, if you think I should introduce like a low ticket offer for those kind of people, because that's just natural in my ICP that they're going to be people that are not going to be able to afford it.
So like some kind of like where I don't really have work, but give them like the workout plans and everything.


@7:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so the first question I'd ask is like, how many calls are you booking a month?


@7:34 - Jakob Schnitzler
Around like 15, last month's worth like 15, I believe.


@7:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so it's a lack of qualified book calls still, correct? That's the issue? Yeah, probably, yeah. And are your KPIs in check with what George is telling you, like in terms of, you know, how many people you're reaching out to, all of that?


@7:51 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, we have a call on that on Sunday with George.


@7:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so I will look at those metrics and make sure that everything is within KPI. And then the second thing I'd do is I'd ask yourself, realistically, the people that have paid the most, correct me if were on the parents, were on the call as well?


@8:07 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yes. Okay. So that's the common pattern.


@8:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What I want you guys to look at, look at the people that have paid the most up front and find common patterns that they have and only they have.
So in Jacob's situation, the parents were on the call. So what if we actually got the parents to want to get their kids on call?
it's a different angle. But again, I would argue that you can play around with content angles because that's what it takes, man.
You got to really have fun with this content stuff. And you got to understand that once you have a winning angle, you can print for a very, very long time.
Very, very long time. And my whole winning angle is the fact that I'm young, I'm making this amount of money while working X amount of hours.
Because I also have other commitments in life, like university, this, that, whatever, right? And also my morals and values are in check.
Those are like my two main angles that I'm doubling down on. Jacob, an angle that I... I would see you doubling down on, it's just like having specific reels for parents.
And, you know, like in the caption, you can be like, if you're a high school kid and you want to achieve X, D1 or whatever, send this to your parent.
Bro, it's like cool stuff like that that you can play around with. And if you can get the person that has the finances to be on that call and be the one interested in signing their kid up, bro, their kid will say yes.
What's in it for the kid? Like, what are they going to give away? Nothing. Even if a kid didn't want to, he'll probably still say yes.
So I'd argue that it's the angle that you can play with. So obviously, hop on a college or see what you can improve on the setting side of things.
But in the content, I would definitely play around with more angles. I play around with angles all the time.
Like even, you guys can see it live, like what we're testing now. We're testing the whole angle of like how I look at money.
And looking at money as like a, not as a reward, but a responsibility. I'm playing around with that angle.
It's not really hitting as I thought it would, but you constantly have to try and test different things that resonate with the market or not.
We recently posted stories and reels about the 100k in one day. That one's resonating. got like a thousand comments.
So now I know, okay, that's going to do really well. Another thing that we're going to do, that we're going to implement, is like, everyone is showing the mom stuff, right?
But here's what I did. You guys have to be so creative with this . How many of you remember the Billie Eilish stuff that I was talking about?


@10:33 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah. You remember that?


@10:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Okay. So for those that joined recently, one sec. So Billie Eilish essentially filmed a interview like this. Okay.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
And here's what we're going to do. Promise you it's going to cook. I promise you. So this has gone mega viral.
And every time they post it, it goes, it does well. They've rinsed this format eight times. So I know that people would like the before and after.
So what am I going to do? I'm essentially going to go ahead and implement this type of format in a different way.
So here's what I'm going to do. This is a format that ripped for me. The idea that I have in mind is, okay, exactly a year ago, I had my first $100,000 a month and I told my mom.
Fast forward a year later, I had my first $100,000 a day. So let's get a reaction. And there's going to be this on the top over here.
And then the bottom here. And it's going to be like pausing and playing. So the moment that it gets my mom's first initial reaction, pause.
And then it goes to my second part over here, my mom's new reaction. And then that one's playing. So do you see how I mix and match different outliers?
And once you have an eye for it, you get so good at creating these different formats. And then you're going to see like tons of people rip the same format as well.
Like it's just. It's be so, it's just going to be so easy to rip, and I know it's probably going to do a few hundred thousand views, but that's one thing that I'm doing.
Jakob, does that kind of make sense, man? Yeah, yeah, 100%.


@12:11 - Jakob Schnitzler
Like, I will definitely play around with those angles. Yeah, yeah. I mean, eventually, I'll obviously want to, like, attract, like, pro players, but at that point, I'm just going to take another angle again.
Like, only because I take that angle now doesn't mean I can't take other angles.


@12:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly, exactly. All right. Perfect.


@12:30 - Jakob Schnitzler
And then, kind of, like, another question is, like, so many people are asking for, like, those drills and, like, workout videos, especially for Centibix, because there's just a lack of information, or, like, more of an overflow of information, and they don't know, okay, Centibix, and again, I told you, like, I'm kind of the only one in this space, because, obviously, we want to shy away from, like, those videos when I really, like, workout videos and all that kind of stuff, but in my case, like, I literally have so many people asking for it, and that was actually ...
... ... ... Something that I struggled with back then as well, is that also on how can I present it in an angle to like not attract like those like, because I will obviously attract so many unqualified people if I just post the same big word.


@13:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I would test it. I would try rip it, test it, see what happens. And then based on there, you can like, like it could be one of those ones where you show a workout with expensive equipment, you know what I mean?
Like where it's like, it's not just cones and . Like that could be something creative where it's like, no, it's unqualified people won't resonate with that.
Like they won't save it, you know? Yeah, just play around with it, bro. Play around with it. But you never know until you test.
Okay.


@13:41 - Jakob Schnitzler
Sorry, one last question. And that kind of bounces off of Kevin's like sales call. One thing that is a huge pattern in mind is since it's like a big decision, even with parents or without, it's like a lot of people are asking for like, can I think it over like a day to overthink it because of just like the commitment and everything.
What would you say is the balance of like me pushing back, objection handling on it? Because I had a lot of people like close even after like when I make like the 24 hour decision window.
So what's that kind of your take on that? Oh, you're muted.


@14:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I would get all the decision makers on call. So realistically, like what is stopping? Majority of them when they have to go and think about it, it's like, oh, they have to ask their parents, you have to ask this, ask that.
Bro, just get them all on call. Make it a full blown requirement. Like if they're just alone, don't take the call.
Just do that. It'll make that process 10 times easier.


@14:38 - Jakob Schnitzler
But just in general, even with parents, like when the parents are on the call and they're like, it's obviously like a big decision for us.
Like we want to talk about it. Should I then just be super cool about it? Like you said, like nonchalant and be like, yeah, totally get that.
Like, mean, that's what a lot of families do. Or should I like push back? Because I had a lot of people close within this 24 hour window or like a lot.
Like for me. Mm-hmm. They're sophisticated.


@15:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I would definitely, I would definitely let them think about it. But that's something you should go over with George.
He'll have a better understanding because he can look at your conversations. Okay.


@15:08 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, perfect. Hey, thank you so much. Of course, man. Of course.


@15:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Andrew, what's up, man?


@15:16 - Andrew Wilkes
First thing, so I come from like, like, my first ever, like real job was like mortgage, like breaking. So like, I would actually always have to talk to husband and wife.
One of the biggest things is husband and wife, like a lot of the time, it's like, they can't read each other's minds.
They don't want to tell you yes or no there, especially if you're on a call with like a family.
So it's like, the best thing I would say is like, what we would do in like mortgages and like that, we would send them over a ton of packages to read and until they're signed and like read through, they don't get a call.
And that shows how serious they are too. Cause it's like, you send them over enough information. So I can veto that, but that's what like that industry does for like parental stuff is like, you disqualify them by how serious they are, by what they have to read or watch first.
Okay.


@15:59 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay. So basically make like a pre-qualifier, a watch video, where I go over the whole program and everything.


@16:05 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, not even the whole program, it's like micro VSLs on like, like smaller versions of VSLs on like, kind of like what SooWei said, like a post booking link, or like, like forum, where it's like Q&As and stuff like that, like questions, answers that are commonly asked, like, like George told me to basically get like all my top guys and, and like just figure out on the last call, sorry, the content guys, and figure out what content they came from, it's the same thing.
So figure out like all the objections you usually get, just like the content, take all like the people that come from the content, ask what they come from, your favorite clients, same thing.
Anyone who gets objections, ask what they would have needed before the call to help them get over that, anyone that has signed.
And then like, right, kind of like back engineer it. That's what would help. That's what helped me. I did that for my business.
It helped me a lot with that. But yeah, SooWei, my question is like, the biggest one for me is we do have a good amount of clients.
We have. I've been like good with like fulfillment, we have been like our acquisitions good with what we're doing, we're trying to make more organic acquisition, but I struggle so hard with organic and like actually like building the business because I'm so heavy into it, and when I hear you say you work four hours a day, I kick myself right in the row, I'm like, I'm like, dude, I haven't left my desk in four days, let alone four hours, dude, so it's like, how do you, how do you like manage that, like what's like kind of like your, your structure to actually scale to where you guys are at?
Well, like, obviously, like the team has a huge thing to do with it, but obviously, it's not just the team, right?
It's like, how do you because we have a team, but it's like, I feel like I leave a lot on me still, you know, I mean, how do you balance that?
Also, I feel like if I'm not working all like a lot of you probably relate to this, if I'm not like working 24 seven, I feel like I'm undeserving or I won't, like, I feel like I have to work hard as to get there.
Yeah.


@17:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And like working four hours a day, it's like, and then I get less creative for the content, because I'm a creative person, but I'm like killing


@18:00 - Andrew Wilkes
with fulfillment and stuff like that.


@18:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How do you do that? So one thing you have to understand is that you have to first shift the way that you look at your entire business.
More work won't equal more money. That's the fundamental thing that you must fully understand first. And in the position that you're in, you're making multiple five figures, you're trying to scale to six figures.
In the position that you're specifically in, it doesn't make sense to be so involved in the day-to-day, because you are not moving the needle forward.
You're your most important employee. so you got to really like spend time knowing that it's going to lead to the output that you want and knowing that you're moving the needle forward.
So one thing that I recommend you do, first of all, the easiest thing I can recommend, take Sundays off.
That's like a non-negotiable. And on Sundays, what I want you to do is I want you to look back at the week and ask yourself, like, what did you do to move the needle forward?
Like, what did you actually do to move the needle forward? And then what you're going to do is you're
Set new goals for the upcoming week. This goes for every single one of you. Every single one of you should apply this.
You set new goals for the upcoming week on what you want to accomplish. And it's usually just one goal.
So I'll give you an example. On Sunday, I'm probably going to set a goal of like, let's just make sure every single client that got on board are just taken care of.
We're onboarding a record amount of clients, but we're still making sure that everyone's sorted, everyone's happy. Yeah, it's going to be a busy week, but my focus that week specifically is fulfillment.
Okay, now once everyone is onboarded, everything is sorted, okay, my next, my focus next week is going to be pumping out better content, talking about how we even did that amount in one day.
Like what is the, how can I appeal to a sophisticated type of market to show them how I went from six figure months to six figure days, you know?
So each week I have one specific focus that is going to move a needle forward. Last week, like last Sunday, the thing that I said was like, let's keep good, extremely good,
Communication with the team, and let's get some clients in before the price increase. That was my focus, and yeah, we did just that, you know what mean?
Now this upcoming week is going to be fulfillment. So it's like knowing what you're focused on each week is very, very important.
Taking Sundays off to reflect on whether or not you did that one thing is going to help you out a ton.
And then one thing I'll say as well, like I've, everyone does, everybody does like a to-do list every single day.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
But what people don't do is they don't do a to-do list every single week. So these are my weekly goals.
I want to create a new content offer sheet. I want to track my time on, we'll learn at least one hour per day.
I want to have one Inner Circle member. We had two actually joined recently. Three ascensions. I want to build a P&L sheet, film new ads in dashboard, read the Hormozy book, learn investing.
What is my intention of today? You know? Like. What do I want to do? I want to be intentional about my entire week.
That would be a great way to get started with figuring out where your time is going, Andrew. And then once you have that, you're just more intentional with your weeks.
You know what the focus is on this week. Don't have like three different focuses. Have one main focus and just do that one thing really, really well.
And then I would track your time. So one thing that I did, I was talking about this on the other call recently, but I would put a timer every 30 minutes and it would ring.
And I would note down on a spreadsheet, what activity was I doing? And more often than not, you're doing something that is just so stupid.
And you're like, why am I even doing this? I spent like five hours on the same thing. That's so stupid.
And you can reflect on the week by asking ChatGPT a prompt and being like, hey, that's like, GPT can literally give you, you're putting X amount of time in fulfillment, X amount of time in sales, X amount of time in content.
And one thing that made me realize that my marketing was taking a hit. Was that at one point, I was only spending three hours a week on content.
And I was wondering why we weren't scaling. Oh, like, okay, I only spent three hours. So usually, it's just the input that you put in.
Those two things will help you out a ton, man.


@22:13 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, that's a that's a huge thing for me right now. Because I feel like the biggest thing that I joined you guys for and I needed was more of like, like, you know, George looked at our business, you guys have looked at our business, we have quite a solid like foundation with what we do.
Yeah, like back end fulfillment, ads, stuff like that. It's just like, we're, I think more as like an entrepreneur, not so much a business, I needed that mentorship and guidance with like, kind of like, that stuff a lot.
And then, because it's like, I'm a creative content guy. It's just like, yeah, don't give a I don't care about it, because it feels like a waste of time, because it's like, don't have to do it.
That's helpful. I wrote that down. Thank you. That's, course, of course.


@22:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And one thing as well, man, if you're a creative content guy, man, that should be the first thing you're doing.
Because you don't understand this. Like, I'm the opposite as you. I was like a, I did not like content at all.
I dreaded it. I just did not like it. I was like, bro, it's just cringe. I'm only doing it to get sales and get acquisition.
Bro, if you naturally enjoy that , do more of that in the morning. Like, just, that's a non-negotiable, you know what mean?
So, yeah, I would just lean more into that.


@23:22 - Andrew Wilkes
man, it just, yeah, I think I've kind of, a lot of guys in here who, like, run a service-based stuff or, like, anything like that, I feel like I've kind of looked at a few of my competitors who are, like, just, like, you gotta wake up at 5 a.m.
and journal, and, like, I'm like, holy . And then it feels like, it's like, well, if that's working, I'm gonna do that.


@23:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But then it's, like, when I was, like, when I was traveling all the time, I was doing, like, the, you know, Daniel Dallin.


@23:48 - Andrew Wilkes
I saw that. I really liked you. was like, damn, because I liked Daniel. I used to do a lot of that kind of content, and then I just stopped because it was so time-consuming, and I felt like it wasn't gonna bring in money because all the guys that were beating me at that point.
We're just doing, like, the random thing being, like, set up their phone and talk, and I kind of fell into that, like, that trap, and that's the content I hate making, but it feels like it's the content I have to make, and that's to the point where it's like, I don't want to be a content creator, I want to be a business owner, and it's like, I love content, but it's like, it's a wall of, like, posting what I feel like I have to make, and it just, like, it crushes it, it crushes it.
A hundred percent.


@24:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, the thing that's so important for all of you guys, like, I don't even think content, content reviews will obviously help, and, you know, you guys can, you guys will benefit from that, but the thing that will solve, you know, majority of you guys' problems is finding the right format that really gives you energy.
Find a format that gives you energy. And for me, it's like, you have to be so strategic and so intentional about everything that you do.
So I really want you guys to, like, think about it, like, hey, did I really have to do this type of content style, or am I just doing it because someone in my...
In my niche is doing it better than I am. Because there's infinite ways up the mountain. There's infinite ways up to 100k a month.
There's so many ways. Just do what you enjoy. Because now that I'm at the point where I have a business of my dreams, I'm asking myself, what would I enjoy more of?
So figure out that question now and scale into pleasure, not pain. And like I said, it's not actually about the content piece that you post.
It's about the content piece that gives you energy. So Andrew, if you're more intentional about that, because like, you know, I know the fitness space is just all about like raw talking heads.
don't give a damn. They just film whenever they can. Bro, just go more professional. You know, I don't do that at all.
Every once in a while I do. But yeah, just lean into what gives you energy. All right.


@25:47 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, that's awful. That's, that's like, that's like more big brother advice.


@25:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, one thing I'll say, like, guys, we find formats for everything. So one thing that I recently told my guys is like, I told my content team, was like, man, I dropped so much sauce in these group calls, how can we find a way to create reels off of these group calls?
And I was like, okay, I had an idea. Everything just clicked in my head. Okay, let me buy an expensive mic, first of all.
So I got this mic, you know, the audio quality is going to be crisp and everything. So I got this.
And obviously, this is not the best camera setup, right? It's not the best camera setup, because this is a MacBook, and it's, you know, I'm not like, you know, crazy well-dressed or anything.
don't have the craziest background. And so what did we do? I told my team, let's just film a ton of B-roll.
And because there's already a good audio quality, we can spam, we can put the audio quality as a voiceover and spam a ton of B-roll throughout the entire clip.
So they don't even see this frame. Y'all got to think about like that. And no creative director put that in my mind.
I told them to do it. I was like, yo, okay. Hot this mic, let's film tons of B-roll, so I got some friends to film a lot of B-roll for me, and boom, we get it going, you know what I mean?
So I'll show you guys the result of this, like, this is a reel that we created off of this idea, if this is from a group call that we did, I think like last week.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
The way to get consistent at putting out high quality content is you have to force yourself to learn. If you're always using regurgitated information that is already on YouTube, you're second, you're third, people have already heard that.
Part of the reason why I've gotten the result I've gotten is because I have bought so much information that is behind paywalls, that I am always the first person to bring that information into the free content world.
And so the question for you should be, how can I find information that nobody's even consumed to talk about that in my content, so I force people to listen to me?
It's not about having a system that consistently put out high quality content, it's about having the mindset to realize that content's the number one priority, and then also having the systems to be able to constantly find information that nobody else is talking about, so you can be the first to talk about it and have everyone credit it to you.
Thank you. That's a reel that didn't come from an actual reel, but that was just me spitting on a group call, you know what I mean?
So you guys like, and the edits were clean, the edits were aesthetic, we filmed B-roll, like I had this idea two weeks ago, we executed it, I saw this reel today, boom, you know what mean?
So y'all just have to always constantly try to innovate and think, like where are you the best at? Where do you, where are you in, when in your day are you in genuine flow state?
For me it's group calls, for me it's one-on-one calls. Cool thing is with a good mic and a good creative team, we can spit out reels left, right, and center.
And that reel is better than any reel that I would have recorded if it was just talking it, because I was in the moment, you know?
So find spots or find moments where you feel like you're in the flow, you have perfect tonality, you have that perfect communication level, and be creative with something like that.
Right? Think outside the box. Don't just be like, oh, I'd have to film a talking head reel. I have to set up my phone.
have to do this. have to do that. It's bigger than that. Always ask yourself how to think outside the box.
Okay? So yeah. Maeva, what's up? Yo, how's it going?


@29:18 - maeva
How are you? Good. Good.


@29:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How are you? Doing okay.


@29:22 - maeva
Just had a couple of questions. One thing I noticed recently, I don't know if Kennedy is going to agree with me about this, but what I'm trying to do is I'm the gap that I've found in my market specifically, I think I mentioned this too, is the fact that I'm a girl.
And it's almost this idea of like for women by women, you know, and I did make exceptions to like start taking on guys.
And even before, like, I didn't really, you know, care. was just like, if I can help you, whether you're a guy or a girl, I will help you.
But a pattern that I noticed recently is the entire time that I've been doing coaching, the... The difference between working with guys, and even recently I had a guy ask me for a refund before we even got started, and I onboarded a girl recently, every single guy that I have worked with has completely underperformed and quit, like I've had guys pay me pips and just ghost me, but with all the women that I work with, they're so insanely dialed in, they never have any issues, but every single guy that I've worked with, there's always an issue in terms of like fulfillment, or they always have an objection, or they always want to cancel, or they never actually do anything.
So do you think that that has something, for example, to do with me, because I'm a girl, and I don't really, it's not, I don't want to say I don't have the authority to talk and tell a guy what to do, but I feel like that's a little bit of it.
I kind of want to hear Kennedy's opinion about this too.


@30:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Go ahead, Kennedy.


@30:53 - Kennedy Davis
I was just going to say, I actually changed my bio from working with, like I said, like working with women.
Just coaches. Because I actually, and I kind of mentioned on this last group call, women are really, I mean, it's just naturally to be emotional.
And I feel like with men and being in this space and seeing how like everyone interacts, it's more professional.
It's more to the point. It's more just business. And so that's what I find when I get on calls with males.
Now I haven't like enrolled a male. I've been on sales calls with males and things like that. But I want to open it up just because that's how I feel.
So I don't know quite yet about that. But just in being in both, I've been in both groups. You know, I have women and then being around a lot of men and mentorships and things like that.


@31:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@31:44 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, cool. I'll be fully honest.


@31:46 - maeva
I feel like the guys that I work with are acting more like women would than the women I work with.
The women I work with are so much more professional. And they're just getting at it. They're not emotional at all.
So I don't really know if I should double down. Like kind of Shelby, how Shelby did, or if I'm not in a position to do that.


@32:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So what I would say is that when you say yes to anybody that has a pulse in a credit card, you are subconsciously ruining your business.
Like you're burning your business and it's only a matter of time until your business catches on fire. And the reason why I say that is because when you serve everybody, you end up serving nobody.
I had to, like, you know, the reason why our price point minimum was like, you know, minimum, like bare minimum, you know, before we did the price increase and all that, we were, I was like, okay, should I sell a $5,000 offer?
Should I sell a $4,000 offer? And the reason why I did not want to do that is because I understood that if I built, if I forced myself to only attract the caliber of client that could pay five figures, I would make my marketing better.
And in the long run, I would make more money, even though in the short run, let's say, you know, could have cash collected an extra $100,000 and, you know, got 20 sales for $5,000.
I would have made an extra $100,000. But the fact that I forced myself to only appeal to this caliber of client allowed me to double down on my marketing and forced me to get better at my marketing.
So, Maeva, you already know your top 20% of your clients. Your goal should not be to serve as many people as possible.
should be to serve the top 20% of clients that pay you 80% of your business revenue. And you can pinpoint that.
And so if those are women, then so be it. Only appeal to women. Don't accept any men. And it makes your marketing 10 times easier because now you can speak to one person that has one pain point and one desire and one obstacle.
So it makes your marketing easier. I would say 100% double down. Don't go down the route of trying to solve everybody and save everybody because you can't.


@33:44 - maeva
There's a reason why we charge minimum five figures to work with us.


@33:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There's no point of us having a four-figure offer because what that'll do is it'll, first of all, dilute my marketing.
Because now I can still make money off of people that are not as established. And it'll give me an easy way out, which will make me money in the short run, but it'll make me lose money in the long run.


@34:07 - maeva
Make sense?


@34:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, 100%.


@34:09 - maeva
Sorry, I'm just noting this. Yeah, you're all good. Yeah, I appreciate that. I had another question, which was the fact that recently, like I've posted some videos that have done pretty well that have brought in some ICP, except the ICP that I'm bringing in, they're not following.
They're not opting in for the lead magnets that I have, they're just in the likes, but they are very ICP.
So do you think I should reach out to them and try to nurture and maybe get a follow and make it like long term?
Or how do you think I should go on about that? Yeah, I don't see why not.


@34:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
If you're not struggling with lead flow right now, I don't see why not. But your question should be phrased differently.
Your question should be, how can I get these guys to want to follow and want to actually engage with the lead magnets?
So it's probably a lack of product market fit. You don't have a proper understanding of what they actually want.
You think they want something, but they actually don't. So you always have to test and constantly ask your prospects and your clients, what do they feel like really resonates with them?
And then from there, you can take it from there. Yeah, I feel like I do have a bunch of ICP in my audience, but they're not actually coming out to engage with me.


@35:21 - maeva
I have to reach out to them and just make that initiative. Like I did a Q&A recently where I was just like, you know, ask me anything like life questions whatsoever.
I'm telling you, wait, every single one of them was like not even a real question. It was just like a bunch of fluff.
So what do you feel like that is a symptom of? It's just like your content is hitting the wrong audience.


@35:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I would, you can't do like a Q&A then. I would actually just DM them and ask them questions specifically and spend a bit more time on the market research.
And one thing that really helped me out when I was starting out to get this level of insight was I did a lot of market research calls.
It in a lot of networking calls. Networking calls helped out a ton because it established my footing in the industry and it gave me clarity exactly what my ICP was struggling with.
So something like, and then if you do a networking call, like I'm going say networking call, but if you do a market research call the right way, it can turn into a sales call, you know?
So I would just do more of those, okay? More private market research instead of broad. Okay, gotcha.


@36:25 - maeva
Appreciate it. Of course.


@36:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, anybody else? Nigel, what's up, man? What's going on, G?


@36:32 - nigeldaley
How you doing, bro?


@36:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good, good, good.


@36:35 - nigeldaley
My question, I want to roll out the five consultation calls. Remember how you were telling us that's a great thing?
I want to do that. How should I just go about rolling out maybe a story sequence to pitch those?
Okay.


@36:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, I mean, easiest thing is just desired outcome, gap, solution. Like that's the three story sequence that I would do if you want to do a lot of CTAs.
So desired desired outcome. If I show, okay, 100K in one day, or like a bunch of pips or a bunch of book calls, or what does your ICP actually want, right?
If you start selling to coaches, they obviously want sales, right? So you show a good day in business, a few sales coming in, you can be like, okay, the secret to building your dream life is not in XYZ, blah, blah, blah.
It's not doing this. It's by understanding unique mechanism, understanding unique mechanism, like understanding how to separate yourself in content.
Once you understand how to separate yourself in content, you won't struggle with chasing unqualified, you won't struggle with attracting unqualified leads, chasing prospects down, and begging for sales on your sales calls.
I'm opening five free consultation, one-on-one calls to people that qualify, and people that, you know, I want to help out or something like that.
I'm opening five consultation calls to people that are struggling with X, then. Want to achieve why? If you are, you know, struggling with X, Y, Z, DM me keyword and I'll get back to you.
So that's just off the top, off the dome, bro. That's just off the dome. But do you see how it's like outcome?
You create the gap and make them realize like, hey, this outcome is normal. I can help you solve this outcome with this solution that is free.
You've got a ton of DMs and , and then you can just close a ton. Okay? Sounds good.


@38:26 - nigeldaley
Actually, with that being said, yo, I have a story sequence up right now. Could you just take a look?
Yeah, let's do it, bro. Let's do it.


@38:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do a CTA, but I feel like it's, I don't know.


@38:37 - nigeldaley
Let's just see what you have to say about it. Let's do it.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@38:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Okay. 5.2K day, 5K runs. Audio makes it harder.


@38:50 - nigeldaley
Say it again?


@38:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I was saying, turn on the audio.


@38:54 - nigeldaley
makes it harder.


@38:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I like this. Cool. Clean, I've always become, yep, nice. Troopers is never about the money I was building, a life rooted in, blah, blah, blah.
The money is just what happens when you steward your gifts. I love it. Every leap of faith. So I would combine these two because it's the same, like you're doing the same thing with these two.
And every story that you post, there's going to be like a, you can average 10%, 10 to 15% fall off rate.


@39:25 - nigeldaley
So just keep in mind that.


@39:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You can turn your discipline into a coaching business. It actually helps people. I'll show you how to start your faith first.
Bro, really good. And I like the pictures and everything. It's clean. The only thing that I would say is that it's a very direct CTA.
But in my, in my eyes, when I do CTAs, it's like, okay, if I do a CTA and it's a free resource, first of all, the people that do want to get started with XYZ would swipe up anyways.
And the people that are on defense would also swipe up. So the problem with this CTA is that it's so hyper specific on people that are ready to buy from you, which at times are good.
But if you're struggling with lead flow, I wouldn't do something like this. Again, if you have too many leads, then this is great.
But if you're struggling with lead flow, I would do a free resource that shows them how to start their Faith First online fitness coaching business and be more specific with what free resource they're getting, whether it's a 30 minute free video or whatever it is.
And the reason why is because the people that are on defense won't DM for this CTA, but the people that are on defense will DM for a freebie CTA.
But the people that also want to get started, so you appeal to two different markets, if that makes sense.
You appeal to the market that is on defense, and you appeal to the market that is ready to work with you.
With this one, you only appeal to one of them.


@40:48 - nigeldaley
So that's just something to note.


@40:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I've seen a lot more success when it comes to free resource, and it doesn't come across as if I'm pitching.
I'm just giving. I'm always giving, and I never ask unless it's a price increase. Um, so that's like the main thing, but bro, this is good, this is good, like it's just a few tweaks.


@41:05 - nigeldaley
Yeah, I know, so just another question, um, I think you've actually mentioned it prior, but how many lead minutes are you ripping on your story, like a month, like story sequences, and you have a number?


@41:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't have a number, it's just like, honestly, whenever, whenever my setter needs leads, I'm just like, okay, you know, I got like five in rotation, so, uh, obviously group call resources are, a really, really good one, and man, we've converted a lot of leads through group calls.
Um, I'm not going to rip them for a long time, because right now we just, we don't need them, but if you, like, if you want to show what it's like to be a client, like naturally, without being salesy, a group call recording is perfect, especially if it's like a good one where you're in the flow state, you know, you're really giving sauce, people can see the caliber of clients in your community, it solves more objections to just giving them value.
So that's a really good resource. You can rip. And it's like new, because you're already doing it. You want to find freebies where it's like there's less friction, because you do one thing, and you're already doing it.
So you just package it in a way where it's like exclusive. So obviously YouTube videos will work well, but the reason why group call recordings feel very premium is because it's private.
And I send them a Fathom link on purpose, because they can see that, hey, it's not actually to the public.
It feels like, oh, I'm getting something exclusive, which makes them want to watch it more. And it also gives them more value than just value.
It shows the type of community that you've built, which will help them. If your community is dialed in, it'll help them want to buy.
I feel you guys are smiling. don't know if some of y'all have watched these group call recordings and then decided to join.
But yeah, like that could be something you guys try. Awesome.


@42:50 - nigeldaley
Appreciate you. Of course.


@42:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I would do the group call recordings and then YouTube videos. Again, don't say it's a YouTube video. Don't say it's a YouTube video because people will be like, oh, just social media.
on YouTube. don't got to DM him. And then you could do like a, like one thing I built out of, I mean, the 2X challenge, you guys know about it.
We're going to roll this out on Monday. I think this will cook. Like this will absolutely cook because it's a very clear outcome in a certain amount of time.
And if you do it, you achieve this outcome. So this is freebie on steroids. For those that don't know, I'm releasing a double your business in 30 day challenge.
And we're going to kind of document it live. And essentially, if you actually double your business in 30 days, the first three people will get a 15 minute one-on-one call of me.
Super in-demand prize that you can get for free. And then if they don't double their business, they get some type of reward, part-time scholarship, something like that.
You know what I mean? Where it's like, oh, they get, you know, if they buy the program for the full price, they also get a one in-person mastermind for free.
Something like that, you know? But you can really play around with this type of stuff. So I would do...
That and yeah just like you can you can start to come up when you guys are when you guys have all of your stuff dialed in and you guys are eventually at the six figure lunch mark the next step would be creating a freebie that is so different that you lead everyone to and so we're gonna have a dialer system we're gonna have a dialer like literally calling up all these freebie leads that enter their phone numbers ask them hey like what made you even opt in for the 2x challenge what are you doing how can we help leading with value and then taking it from there so for now rip group call recordings rip youtube videos rip a few you know you can spend a day creating a nice freebie alternate between these three and have different topics and then eventually once you guys are at six figures rip a crazy one like a 2x challenge and yeah it'll do really well for you guys okay yeah sounds good bro appreciate you of course of course Andrew how can I help man first thing I I laughed because when you sent me the uh the content team call I copied and pasted that into my back end chat so


@45:00 - Andrew Wilkes
fast, dude. It wasn't even funny.


@45:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I was like, I was like, I was like, yo, somebody transcribe this and get, and then we watched it.


@45:08 - Andrew Wilkes
was like, damn, I actually have to join him.


@45:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, so it actually worked.


@45:13 - Andrew Wilkes
It worked pretty well. So the freebies, we run pretty well. Like we have a lot, like a lot of freebies.
Like we have like over like probably 150 telerecordings on a bunch of different things that are like micro VSLs based on any ICP problem.
So when we're like, oh, what are you struggling with? Bang.


@45:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Here's like anything you ever need.


@45:31 - Andrew Wilkes
But our problem is like when we, using those freebies on the story, we never, like no matter what we do, no matter what kind of way we frame it, no matter, it just like doesn't convert.
Like even if I do it simple and casual, if I do it the way Nigel just did, or you do them with like the story sequence, we just find our, they never bring people, like we get clicks.
We see the clicks on LinkTW, we get that stuff, but it never converts to like a DM or anything like that to actually convert.
But they convert once they're in the DM. And we send the freebies every time, but it's just, they don't come to the DMs from them.


@46:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so what I want you to do is I want you to map out 10 prospects that did convert into DMs and 10 prospects that didn't convert into stories.
And what you're going to do is you're going to look at these names and ask yourself, what are the common patterns that these 10 guys in the DMs have that these 10 guys in the stories don't?
When it comes to business, guys, the easiest thing that I can tell you guys, it's all about spotting patterns.
All about looking for common patterns that are true between these specific type of people. And when you figure that out, you can be like, okay, oh, okay, I got it.
These guys all were problem aware. Boom. So how could I make the people that watch my stories problem aware?
Like, it's really that simple. And so, like, we overcomplicate things and we're like, oh my gosh, this is so hard, this is rocket science.
But if you really note down 10 people that converted well in the DMs, so look at 10 clients that where you send.
a freebie. Ask them at that stage, what were you feeling? And I can promise you nine times out of 10, they actually knew that they had a problem.
But then the guys in the stories, they're like, oh, I just got to do this. So I don't need a freebie.
That's what it is. And so their ego is too high. And so now you have to film videos that maybe get their ego in check.
Hey, if you've been stuck in the same revenue over six months, you're not building a business. You have a glorified job.
Calling them out, straight up. now your content is like more towards building them and making them realize that they have a problem.
You know what I mean? So it's asking them like, hey, like, what exactly are these guys actually struggling with?
And then taking it from there. And then looking for common patterns between the people that do DM and the people that don't DM.


@47:47 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay? Yeah, I need to find a line there because I think I ended up just bullying my ICP or my leads.


@47:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's helpful.


@47:55 - Andrew Wilkes
Thank you.


@47:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course.


@47:56 - Andrew Wilkes
Of course. I love it.


@47:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good questions, guys. Very good questions. Pedro, what's up, man? What up?


@48:03 - Pedro Oliveira
Dude, first question, like, does your mom not see your stories? Because my mom, sees mine, like, anytime I post anything about money, she's like, she reacts to it, so I call her.


@48:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, it's actually so funny. I'm going to call my mom today, bro. hit my, I hit my, so every time I have, like, a record day or whatever, a record month, and I post about it, I make sure I hide my story from my mom, so she has no clue.


@48:27 - Pedro Oliveira
She has, like, no clue.


@48:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, but yeah, it's just something, something, really funny.


@48:32 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. Yeah, that's what I do.


@48:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And then, so, I posted a video yesterday.


@48:39 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. I thought it would, I thought it would do good, like, better than it did, and did worse than even, like, a clip.
Okay.


@48:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
From, like, a YouTube video.


@48:47 - Pedro Oliveira
Why do you think that is?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@48:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I looked at the insights, and it said the hook was bad. Okay. To make 10K a month with 12 pleasuredance from followers and 19 years old.
When I first started my online business. Business everyone doubted me, friends, my family, because I only had 300 followers and they thought I needed tens of thousands.
Bro, this problem is so niche. Like, it's so niche to where it's like, man, if I'm thinking about making money, I'm not even thinking about how many followers I have, bro.
Like, that's like the last thing on my mind. I think on my mind is like, how am I going to, like, and there's no stakes.
So, um, 10 seconds in the video, it's such a specific pain point that you're looking at. And I understand that you're targeting, you know, a specific ICP that has the low followers.
But then again, it's like, it doesn't feel like it's to them. So, it feels like you're in between. You're not talking to one person, but you're also not talking to the other person.
So, if you want to do a top of funnel reel, this is a top of funnel reel. If you want to do a top of funnel reel, you have to be top of funnel and find a pain point that people really struggle with, not just your ICP.
So, only, correct me if wrong, only your ICP struggle with this, right?


@49:56 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. That's what it is.


@49:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, the problem is too... specific, it's too hyper specific for one specific person. That's why I didn't perform. And it's a, this is a format to rip for top of funnel, where it's like, no one's really caring about their follower count.
They're caring if they can even quit their job, and there's no stakes at hand as well. Like, I'm 10 seconds in, but I don't know what the stakes are.
You know, so it's just a problem that the problem that you talked about was just too specific. And you, you ran a middle of funnel script in a top of funnel format.
Does that make sense? Yeah.


@50:37 - Pedro Oliveira
So, how, that makes sense. Thank you. How would you say like that compares to yours? Like, how was yours?
Guys, I think yours got like 15k or like, I don't know, 20k likes or something. Yeah. And it was like, it performed well.
But I feel like yours was kind of. Is it possible for, is it possible for a 19 year old kid to make a hundred?


@51:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
$1,000 a month while bouncing university. No, it's not that specific. That total addressable market is so huge. And even if you're not a university student, you're asking, like, that's so, like, that's so out of touch with reality that you're still going to watch it.
So even if you're 30 years old, you still watch it. You know what mean? Yeah. So that follower count, it didn't make it, it was just specific to fitness coaches.
And it also felt like it was for every person. So this one was, like, appealing to a huge total addressable market that was curious.
So even if you're not a university student, you'll still watch this video. Make sense? Yeah, it makes sense.


@51:40 - Pedro Oliveira
Cool. Thank you. I'll just work on it. Yeah. Let's do it.


@51:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Minjian, what's up, man? Hey, man.


@51:47 - 민제 김
So one of the, I guess, like, three of the most common objections I'm getting on sales calls were, like, they weren't really ready to change their lifestyle since I'm teaching them how to approach women.


@51:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
calls, calls, getting sales I'm Yeah, that was like a big one.


@52:02 - 민제 김
And the other couple ones were like, why not get like the real time, like face to face coach? Why get you as a coach since like you're teaching online?
And yeah, the final one was like asking about client results. So like, how should I like implement some of these like objections on my content?


@52:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. I mean, the third one's the easiest to solve, just post client testimonials and interviews. know, have a client extraction process where you get interviews and testimonials out as soon as you can.
That's the easiest one to solve. The second one is like, that's the same question as asking a fitness coach.
Hey, like, why should I go with you when I can go to my in-person fitness coach at the local gym?
Bro, because I have the best results. I have results that your in-person trainer can never even compete with. I have a protocol that works specifically for you.
I'm not giving you a generic based outcome. And I'm not just the best. I'm person. I'm not just there because I'm not being chosen because of convenience.
I'm being chosen because I'm the best. So the way that I look at it, it's like, Cruz actually asked me this question.
He's one of my long-time fitness clients. He asked me, like, you know, people threw him objections all the time, like, hey, I can go to my in-person gym and get an in-person trainer that'll hold me accountable.
I was like, okay, yeah, but do you want his physique? Do you want his lifestyle? Do you look up to him?
Does he care about you? Does he hit you up on messages every single day to hold you accountable? Or does he just show up once a week because he gets paid to do that?
And so you flip the script where it's like, yeah, of course he's going to be easier because he's convenient.
But convenient isn't the best. I'm the best. And here's why. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. So you flip the script on them.
You show the fact that, hey, the fact that they are convenient is the reason why you shouldn't go with them.
Because if you want the best outcome, you go with the best coach. So it's not about convenience anymore. It's about...
The testimonial and the association to you being the best, so that they want to be the best. Does that make sense?
Yeah, makes sense.


@54:07 - 민제 김
So do you think I should have, like, yeah, both of, like, short form and long form, like, testimonials?


@54:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, have both. So make it easily consumable. As you guys know, like, we have our GAL consulting page.
Once you guys are at Six Figures of Modified, I do recommend having a separate channel to just strictly showcase studies and testimonials.
Because you need to make it easily consumable. You need to have YouTube so that they consume 20, 30 minutes if they want to.
But also Instagram, where they can just get the idea straight away, a one minute clip of them, of the best parts of that interview, and boom, post it on Reels.
So I would do both. And then, yeah, the other thing that I would do, what was your first thing?


@54:51 - 민제 김
So since they're trying to approach, like, they need to change their lifestyle.


@54:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, you just got to dig and look. They're ready to.


@54:59 - 민제 김
Yeah. Bro, wait a are they going to ever be ready?


@55:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Were you ready when you joined?


@55:06 - 민제 김
Not really. Not really, but you did it anyways and you got ready, right?


@55:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So no one's ever ready for change because us humans are naturally opposed to change. We want to stay the same.
But you're on this call for a reason. You're on this call because you want to change. What the are talking about you don't want to change?
You know what mean? So you just kind of like flip the script on them and you make them realize what they're talking about is .
They're going back to their old self. It's your duty to hold them accountable and make them want to change.
So you got to dig into their pain points and make them realize why did they even want to be on this call in the first place?
Oh, I think someone's mic is unmuted. Because they reached out to you, man. You know, they reached out to you.
They're on the call with you.


@55:49 - 민제 김
That's Is there any way I could implement those points in the content? Yes.


@55:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Dig into their pain points. What keeps them up at night? A lot of your guys' content and every problem that you're facing in business can be solved if you just got, if you did more work on the market research and you stopped being lazy.
Because so many of you want to skip the market research phase, copy your best competitor, and do the shortcut.
But you don't understand your market's pain points, which is why you're not where you want to be in terms of the content side of things.
So you need to fully understand like what is it that my ICP is truly, truly struggling with. So look at how, and by the way, I've been running my offer for I don't know how long, it's been a minute.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
I just did this recently. This is one question that I'm answering. Okay, no. Foundation understanding, inconsistent lead flow. What do you mean by inconsistent lead flow?
They're not generating inbound leads at all. It feels like they're one bad month away from feeling like everything will fall apart.
No real strategy when it comes to content. Okay, what does this mean? It means that they copy other creators, thinking it will make them go viral when these creators are actually broke, which makes them look like everyone in their niche.
But they know what makes them different, but they don't know how to show it, because they don't test different formats.
Do you see how one pain point, I created four sub pain points, and now these are all viral videos, or not viral videos, but pain points that I can talk about in my videos?
And so when you feel, when you watch a story, or when you watch a reel, and you're like, bro, this guy's talking right to me.
That's how you want to do it, okay? Yeah, makes sense, man.


@57:48 - 민제 김
So basically, I need more market research, yeah. You need more market research.


@57:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I can review your reels, but it's going to be the same thing, because I've been looking at your stuff, bro.
Things really change because the market research hasn't changed. You guys are trying to change the effect when you haven't changed the cause.
The cause as to why your content isn't performing is the fact that there's lack of market research. There's no intention with your content.
Your communication sucks. Your first impression sucks. You're not changing these things, and then you change the script, and you think that'll save everything.
But your communication is still bad. Your background is not ideal. The pain points are still surface level. But your script just has a different hook.
So don't look at the effect. Look at the cause. If you get low views, what is the cause that is leading to the low views?
Usually, it's the way that you show up on camera, your camera presence. Yes, your script is important, but the way that you communicate that script.
I can promise you, if you gave me the same script that you wrote, that you said, But I did it in my style and in my way, I still get a lot of
views, just because of the way I deliver it, the delivery style, you know what I mean? And you have to like really understand that, okay?


@59:08 - 민제 김
Yep, makes sense, man. Of course, I hope that helps, man. Can we go over like one reels? This isn't like a recent one, but it's like bottom of the funnel, client result.


@59:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What do you want me to look at if it's a client result? the chat.


@59:27 - 민제 김
But like, what would you want me to review if it's a client result? So, whether or not this format like is a good one for like conversion.
Because I feel like a lot of people watch like one minute videos of testimonials, but don't really feel like convinced after watching it.
So, yeah.


@59:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
wouldn't, the thing is that just attracts like a very unqualified ICP. Oh. Actually. I A very Look at what people in your market are doing.
So I looked at, like, I'll give you guys an example. One thing that we're going to do is we're going to look at, I don't know if you guys have seen this video, but instead of us doing regular interviews, we're going to lean towards this type of stuff.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Where it's like, we're doing an activity together that the client likes. So if it's a fitness coach, we're going to hit a workout together.
And throughout that workout, we're going to ask him good questions and capture those authentic moments while still being entertaining.
So that's something that we're ripping. Again, we could do that style, Minjae, but, like, I would just argue that you could do something like this that's better where you're in person with them doing it.
It attracts a better ICP. Thanks, man. Thank you.


@1:00:51 - 민제 김
Kevin, what's up?


@1:00:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's up?


@1:00:55 - Kevin Walton
I just got this message on Instagram. I wonder if you guys had this. I just got a DM setter recently.
And I just opened my phone, and I just got this warning, saying that I have automated behavior in my accounts, I'm wondering if that's the DM sitter, I don't know if it's, I don't know if it's ManyChat, because they're partners, I just wonder if anyone has that, or has ever had a message like that, or what they, they do for now.


@1:01:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I haven't had that personally, I don't know if any, yeah, Andrew, go ahead.


@1:01:24 - Andrew Wilkes
So yeah, like my first, like, my first, like, five or six months in business was, like, purely cold outreach, like, Nigel remembers watching me go nuts with outreach, and, like, we literally had, like, three different accounts, all programmed to look like my main account, and just outreach, outreach, outreach, and it works, but there's, like, a limit to the point where you just look like a scam to Instagram, so if your, your setter's not prioritizing, like, are you verified on Instagram?


@1:01:51 - Kevin Walton
Uh, yes, I am.


@1:01:52 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, okay, so with verification, you have a better luck, it goes away, but Instagram works off, like, we had, like, a, we paid a guy to literally, like,
Save our account because we screwed ourselves. So Instagram works off like a trust level. They have a trust rating for each account and brand and personal brand.
And the more outreach or cold outreach or lack of responses you get, or if you're copying and pasting messages over and over again, every opener is the same, your trust level goes down.
And then eventually Instagram's going be like, oh, they're a scam. Oh, they're a spam account. Like if you ever get one of those like, like accounts, it's like, hey, send us your post.
Those accounts like come and go every week because they got taken down. Right. So because they spam it so much.
But that sucks for personal brands that aren't doing that. So what you have to kind of do is like, I would put limiters on like in quotas on your setter.
It's kind of like what we did was we stopped running cold for a while to let it kind of reset, slow our business down.
But thankfully that happened because then we got better at like ads. Um, but I would stop doing like any sort of cold outreach and focus more on like likes comments, like go through like the, the warmth radar, right?
Like followers. followers, CTAs, comments, likes, stuff like that. And also, like, when you do get followers, run more polls on your stories, because the polls will, like, let you see, like, who actually gives a crap about you engaging with them.
So you're not just hitting everybody up, that way you can actually have a radar, because you're just hitting up everybody right now, probably.
And Instagram's like, okay, this guy's, like, a scam. Also, get your setter to have a VPN if they're in a different country, and try and VPN to your country, because if they don't, it looks like a scam, because it's, like, this account gets logged into by multiple people, that's a massive thing.
That's what I'd recommend. We got, we got screwed for, like, two months off that, so I just, I had emotional connection to help you there, so that's the things I'd recommend.


@1:03:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But you have me on Instagram, dude, DM me, and I can send you over, like, a whole cheat sheet that, like, my team made.


@1:03:49 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay? Hell yeah.


@1:03:50 - Kevin Walton
No, no, I'll definitely do that. Yeah, that makes sense. My DM center is based in Ireland, so that's probably why that might be.
That's exactly, that's, that's why.


@1:03:58 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah, that's why. Oh.


@1:04:00 - Kevin Walton
Must have been saying, I had a VPN, so I appreciate it, thank you, yeah, because last thing, I've had a buddy that caught, they had an AI agent that was a DM setter, and it was like, it wasn't like an AI bot, it actually was very human with its responses, but he got his count ban for three months because of it, so I wonder if that's why.
Yeah, that's a big reason, that's, 90% why my, like, content did this when I started my business, and we haven't done anything since, I think it's the same reason, yeah, if you want that, like, or anything like that, just DM, like, DM me on, like, the general chat or something like that, I can, or, like, follow my Instagram, I'll send it over.
Yeah, absolutely, I'll send the message, appreciate it, guys. Yeah, it's like a little SOP doc I can send over.


@1:04:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick.


@1:04:47 - Kevin Walton
Love it. Max, what's up, man?


@1:04:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's good, how you doing?


@1:04:52 - Max Schaffrinski
So, I wanted to pick up on the video that you just showed, right, the workout with Harmosi, because I'll have the chance.


@1:05:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
If do a sit-down interview in the classical interview style soon, or I could use the guy to do like a fighting pad session, like something active, I'm a little confused, should I now go for the entertainment route, or should I rather have the sit-down and really have him talk through his transformation?
I would do both, I would do both, and then you get the best parts of both, and you can put the fighting stuff in like the beginning, to get people interested, and then eventually you guys sit down and stuff, you know, so I would do both, man, why not play around with it, because client interviews naturally are boring as to walk through, like they're so boring, like the hardest part about client interviews is getting people actually interested, so if you can make it entertaining and fun, it'll do 10 times better, okay?
All right, thank you.


@1:05:51 - Max Schaffrinski
Of course.


@1:05:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, what's up, man? Sorry, that was to help him out.


@1:05:58 - Andrew Wilkes
yeah, yeah. I bet.


@1:06:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, sick, sick, sick, sick. Beautiful, guys. hope you guys enjoyed this call. We go ahead and wrap it up here.
But yeah, you guys, I'm looking forward to speak with you guys, probably most likely next week. Andrew, Max, are you guys booked in or?


@1:06:15 - Max Schaffrinski
No, not booked in yet.


@1:06:17 - Andrew Wilkes
Yeah.


@1:06:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Max, you can go first if you want.


@1:06:22 - Andrew Wilkes
No, it's good.


@1:06:22 - Max Schaffrinski
You can go. I'm just not booked in yet. That's all I had to say.


@1:06:25 - Andrew Wilkes
Um, so I just have to have my call with, uh, with Kim. Um, once I have my call with her, um, then what do I do from there?
Like, she'll give me your booking link or? Yeah, she'll give whoever makes sense.


@1:06:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So if it's like a pure content problem, okay, let's go to, let's go to Aiden and then me. Um, but based on what your situation is like, I want to really talk about high level stuff.
So if we can solve that A plus problem quickly with the expert in that specific niche, you hop on that call with Georgia Aiden first.
And then we solve that, boom, to me. And then we solve high level problems, uh, stuff. But if you're struggling with like, oh, workflow and stuff, then obviously we're going to, we're going to tap in faster.
So it just depends on what you need, but Kim will do like a diagnosis of where your time is going, where your A plus problem is, and then lead you to the right person.
If that's me, straight away, let's run it. If it's George and then me, and then we'll just take it from there.
We'll hop on eventually. Yeah. Also, I heard you played, like I saw you played basketball.


@1:07:23 - Andrew Wilkes
didn't know that before. I played Team Ontario in Canada. So I'm in Miami, me, you and Nigel will run threes, bro.
So let's do it, bro.


@1:07:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
We'll mess up Josh, Jason, and we'll get after them. That's right.


@1:07:35 - Andrew Wilkes
What state are you in, bro?


@1:07:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Are you in Miami?


@1:07:37 - Andrew Wilkes
I'm Canadian, dude. I live in Toronto. Yeah, yeah, I stayed in Miami for like six months of the year, but then I got deported.
I got deported.


@1:07:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So a lot of condo here, but it's fine. Thanks. All right, guys, let's absolutely crush it. I hope you guys have a good rest of your weekend, all right?
Take care, guys, in a bit. You too, bro. Bye-bye. See ya. Thank you.-bye.


Thursday Mastermind - March 12
Thursday Mastermind - March 12






Yo, yo, what's good, people? How we all doing? What's up, man? Hey, bro, how you doing? Doing good. Joe, what's up? How you doing? What's up, Aiden? Good to see you, man. For sure.
 
Wait a minute. I see we've got a call tomorrow. Yeah.
 
Love it. Looking forward to it. You've been implementing since last call? Of course, brother.
 
Of course. Bro, I like getting on the one-on-ones with you. You come prepared.
 
You pick up the reactionables. You come back. You've done everything.
 
I like to see it. Hey, man, that's just the name of the game. Love it.
 
Love it. Kennedy, how you doing? I'm doing well. How are you doing? I'm all good.
 
It's good to be on another call. I do enjoy these calls that you've had. I like jumping on every week for everyone.
 
It's good. Yeah. I'm excited for this.
 
For sure. For sure. Maeve, how are you? I'm good.
 
How are you, Aiden? I'm all good. I'm good as always. At home today, not the office.
 
Usually I'm at the office taking a call in my boring little meeting room, but we're in different setting today. Yeah, different setting. Andrew, how you doing? On the walking machine as usual? Standards? You know it, bro.
 
I'm amazing. How are you? I'm all good. How many steps you on for the day? Right now? 7,500.
 
It's one o'clock where I'm at. I don't know what time it is for you. It's like 5 p.m. for me.
 
Let me see what I'm doing steps-wise. I've actually left my house really today. So probably not very good.
 
I usually go for like 12 to 15 a day. Yesterday I did 24,000 steps. I don't know how many I've done today.
 
I don't know what I've been up to, to be honest. I'm really not that active, but I take it. I'm not complaining.
 
All right. Good stuff. Yeah.
 
Who else we got in here? Justin, how you doing, bro? I'm amazing, bro. How are you? I'm all good. You posted off on the balcony.
 
Yeah. Looking like you're in Miami. It's Columbia, though.
 
You can always see through it. We're all trying to call me out on call. Crazy work.
 
Pedro, how you doing, bro? I was in the car. Yeah. Dude, I thought you were in New York.
 
I'm good. I'm in New York. I thought you were because you, I don't know, mentioned like a few weeks ago.
 
I'm in New York, 4th of April. Yeah. I've got a couple trips before that.
 
I'm going to Marbella next week, which is an interesting one. I'm going to Manchester this Sunday for a couple nights, so getting about. You're going to watch a soccer game right now? What, in New York? In Manchester.
 
Nah, I'm going there for a Dave concert. I don't know if you know who Dave is. Anyone here know Dave, or is it just me? Oh, Dave's the GOAT.
 
I love Dave. Obviously, man. How could you not? There we go.
 
I'm American. I love Dave, bro. Love it.
 
Yeah, apparently, bro, I've been speaking to, even the Australians seem to love him. I was chatting to some Australian guys the other day. Apparently, he's big over there.
 
Yeah. Who else we got in here? Yeah, Max, how you doing, bro? Are you new around here? Yeah, bro. I'm doing amazing.
 
I just joined two days ago. Nice. Love to see it.
 
Whereabouts you from? I'm in Germany. Okay, sick. Okay, we'll have to do a little.
 
I'm a little closer to Dave than the Americans, yeah. There we go. Nice to see you.
 
How are you finding everything so far? Well, at first, it was a little overwhelming. Yeah, because suddenly you have 20 to do. You have 10 notion boards and everything to find out.
 
But yeah, I'm getting the hang of it. It's definitely good. Yeah.
 
No, I think everyone says that at first, to be fair. Everyone's always a bit overwhelmed when they first join. But you've just got to like, I say to everyone, like, take all the information we give you and just try to condense it down in all the priority of, okay, content side of the business, what I've got to work on, the setting side.
 
I mean, just make it more actionable on yourselves. Because otherwise, it's very easy to get overwhelmed. But yeah, it's just about finding what's priority and going from there.
 
Sure. Sick. Andrew, how are you doing, bro? I believe you're new as well.
 
Andrew Wilkes. Yeah, man. Joined two days ago.
 
Lucky for all you guys joining two days ago, to be fair. We had a lot of guys join that day. Yeah, dude.
 
Suway had a few guys join that day. He had a good day that day. Bro, the ad for Discord was like popping off.
 
Just seeing a new person join. Yeah, you guys ran it up the other day, man. Yeah, for sure.
 
But how are you finding everything so far? It's really good. It's really good. One of the biggest things we were missing is just our organic content approach.
 
Because we were big with our ads and everything, but we were missing our organic. So it's been good to just run through the organic stuff. It's been fun.
 
It's been cool. Yeah, love to see it. Yeah, we'll jump on a one-on-one at some point as well.
 
And maps and stuff after you too. And then yeah, bro, we can go from there. But yeah, wait for a couple more people to join.
 
Pretty much today's call. I want to run through, as you guys might have seen in the announcement channel, a couple more formats you guys can be implementing to your content. I know every time we do a content format call, I try to space them out once every two, three, four weeks.
 
But every time we rip one of these, you guys go away, implement, and get your best performing video. So looking forward to seeing what results we pull from there. But I'll give you a couple more minutes.
 
Let everyone join, and then we'll jump into it. Kevin, how are you doing, brother? Doing good, man. Doing good.
 
Got a couple things booked up for some client calls. So, yeah, smiling. Get some closers in as well.
 
Yeah, hopefully. Just got a DM setter, so he's actually closing a lot of people in the Congo. So doing good.
 
How about you, man? Yeah, I'm all good. I'm good as always, to be fair. But let's get those DMs converted into sales.
 
Yeah, sure. Thank you, man. Love to see it.
 
Johnny, how are you doing, bro? Yo, doing well. This week I'm actually getting more DMs, and people are saying that they, yo, I like your content. So that's a big win from previously.
 
So just going to keep pushing it. Love it. Love it.
 
Oisin. I forget how to pronounce your name. Is it Oisin? Oisin.
 
Okay, sick. Let me remember that. How are you, bro? I'm good, bro.
 
I'm good. How are things? Yeah, it's all good. Looking forward to the call, as always.
 
But yeah, good to see you here, bro. Dylan, how are you, bro? Last one I'll check in on. Then we'll jump into things.
 
Yeah, man. Doing good. Experiment is finally done.
 
So now I can focus on the content. Let's run it, bro. If you need to jump on a one-on-one as well, hit me up.
 
Because I don't think we've had a one-on-one yet. I recognize you from the barley content they got last year. Back when I was still editing for Suiway, I was editing quite a few of those videos.
 
So I recognize you from there. But yeah, we'll jump on a one-on-one at some point. And then we'll chop it up.
 
But yeah, boys. Thank you. Good to have everyone on.
 
As I said, today we're going to be going through basically a bunch of content formats you guys can be running. And I'll share my screen and we'll jump right into it. And then obviously we'll run like a Q&A at the end.
 
So any personalized questions, we can go through those too. Can everyone see my screen? All good. Someone should just let me know.
 
It's still black for me. Yeah, it's still black. It's black.
 
That's dark. Let me check this out. Stop share.
 
Give me a sec. Check your, like if you're on MacBook, check your system set. You got it.
 
I've opened up like 15 different tabs on my Zoom. This is dark. Right, can you see it now? Yeah.
 
Okay, perfect. There we go. My Zoom's been bugging as well.
 
But you guys as well, just to mention, in case any of you have the same issue, you need to directly integrate your FABM with Zoom now. Because I know last week's content call didn't get recorded on my FABM because I hadn't like directly integrated it and there was some system mess up there. So any of you guys running calls, make sure you have that dialed in.
 
Otherwise, you might run into a couple of issues with the recordings. But effectively, as usual, for new guys, just to go through how the content format calls run, we'll break down like what the actual format is, go through like an example, talk about like why it works, the common mistakes people make when they're creating these videos, and then run through like a video framework that you guys can follow. So first one I want to run through, kind of done similar ones before.
 
This is a format Homozy's been ripping really well. Now you'll notice a lot of the videos we go through today are more like middle of funnel, bottom of funnel. So I feel like you guys are getting the hang of generating the attention and now it's a case of how do we actually nurture it and turn this attention into prospects that we can nurture in the DMs and obviously go on to sell to.
 
So in terms of, you know, these style of videos, this is more like a visual value video. So basically a talking head where you're using, you know, physical props or you've got like visuals drawn to help explain the concept. Now, typically with the middle of funnel content, you're going to be explaining these complex concepts.
 
It'll be a lot of talking and be very value heavy. So the whole idea of this is how can we use, you know, visuals to help explain a concept and make it easier to understand for the viewer. So, for example, in Homozy's ones here, he's explaining close rate versus pricing rules.
 
And as he goes throughout the video, he makes one point and has a visual that directly correlates with what he's talking about. So the whole idea is, OK, how do we break down each part of our video and how do we align it with a corresponding visual to help explain what we're talking about, get our point across, make it easier to understand. Similar to what I'm doing with this call.
 
Instead of me just saying, OK, first format visual value videos and explaining what they sound like, I'm actually showing you the exact video and breaking it down a bit more step by step. So that's effectively the visual value videos. He's got a similar one here as well, where, you know, he's talking about how to, I believe, make your first thousand dollars or how to invest my first thousand dollars.
 
And he's physically showing the one thousand dollars in the hook. So he's got a visual hook there. And then he's obviously using a big whiteboard and actually showing the money within here.
 
So it's going to break down, you know, why it works. Now, visual learning drives retention. So 65% of retention of visual info is actually like withheld versus 10% retention of verbal info.
 
So typically what you guys will notice, why you have lower view retention within your middle of funnel videos or any videos of value heavy is because a lot of the time you sit there and all you're doing is talking to the camera. So let's say you've got a 60 second video where you're giving away all of this value. By the end of the video, people are going to have forgotten what you were actually talking about the whole time.
 
So the whole idea is, OK, how can we use visuals that link to what we're talking about in order to help people actually retain this information? Because the whole aim of middle of funnel, as we said, is to give people actionable, make it very step by step. So when someone finishes watching this video, how can they take the information we've spoken about and implement it themselves? Now, on top of that, you can obviously attract your ICP because you're positioning yourself as sophisticated, as analytical, right, because we're using diagrams. We're breaking down a very complex idea and simplifying it quite a bit.
 
So, you know, we're going to make it very ICP specific, whether that's solving their problems, pain points, linking it back to objections or, you know, even limiting beliefs you might see in the DMs. On top of that, once again, it's highly shareable and saveable. Now, when you're giving such actionable advice and when you're giving, you know, when you're creating value heavy content, people are going to save this and come back to it.
 
And as a result, you know, they're also going to share as well. But this means it's going to get pushed out a lot more in the algorithm because saves and shares are a lot more powerful than someone simply just liking a video. So that's sort of why it works.
 
But common mistakes people make is really overcomplicating the value. Now, as I sort of said earlier, when it comes to your middle of funnel content, we don't really want to be, you know, doing a one minute video. We're just sitting there talking to the camera.
 
Maybe you might have some nice captions in B-roll, but at the end of the video, people are going to kind of forget what you've spoken about. So it's really about how do we take a concept and break it down into three to five key points or key elements that people can take away from the video and implement themselves. And that's where someone's really going to feel like they receive value, because the two goals behind any video is either how they entertained or how they're educated.
 
So the whole focus with these videos is how do we educate them in a way where, you know, they can take this information away and implement it. And on top of that, like no clear starting or ending point. So obviously it's all well and good, you know, providing the value.
 
But how do we make sure the view actually understands like the value of the information you're providing? Right. What is the outcome they're going to get if they actually implement this value? What result are they going to get? Because this is what's going to increase the perceived value of the information you're providing. People are going to understand, OK, if I implement it, you know, this is the outcome I'm going to get as a result.
 
Genuine framework. Genuine framework for these videos. With your middle form of videos, I want you guys to start showing more of the outcome and actually creating intrigue at the start of the video, because typically it's more, OK, here's a concept and run through it.
 
Instead, I want us to start showing an outcome and show, OK, this is, you know, the exact framework we use to generate 25K closes. I think we did one similar to the other day that I'm going to go for in a minute. Right.
 
Actually showcasing an outcome and linking it back to the value you provide. As I said, that's going to increase people's perception of it and also make it look a bit more sophisticated too. Obviously, then you want to go into the context.
 
So explain sort of what you're about to go through, why it matters. Break it down step by step. This is where the visuals are really important.
 
We went through the whole video where, you know, he's showcasing how to invest 1K, breaking it down very step by step. He's got six steps here. And he's also using the visuals here to help explain that.
 
And then simply providing an overview of the full system and link it back to a result, as I said. So that's kind of the visual value videos. Anyone got any questions of those before we move into the unique mechanism videos? Are we all good for now? OK, perfect.
 
We should be all good. So next one now, this one I'm pretty excited to go through because this is like one of the best performance we've had to Suway recently. But drove a lot of new sales, drove a lot of ICP followers for us.
 
And this is like a unique mechanism reveal. So this is effectively a talking head video where, you know, we kind of pull back the curtain on how we actually deliver and fulfill for our clients in order to get them results. So this might be a fulfillment structure.
 
It could be the onboarding process. Overall, it's just breaking down what is the experience a client gets when they join the program. So especially for newcomers, Andrew, Max, this is sort of stuff you might have seen within the content that gave you a lot more clarity on, OK, what do I actually get if I, you know, buy into Suway? What does this team look like? What does the onboarding process look like, etc.? So video we received the other day that performed very well was this one here, if it wants to load.
 
But effectively, it's a talking head video where we break down, you know, the secrets closing 25K deals. Now, this one's kind of different. This is like a post booking breakdown.
 
So people now see, OK, what does it look like once we book a call? Now, the reason this is good is because one, it shows people who are interested in working with us, like what they can expect after booking a call. So it gives them a lot of peace of mind. It gives them clarity on what to expect.
 
But on top of that, maybe our competitors, they feel like they're getting value from this because they're like, OK, you know, what can I take from Suway? And as a result, that's putting Suway on a pedestal. That's positioning him as an authority. And overall, just making the value feel, you know, a lot more valuable by increasing the perceived value perception of sort of what we're providing.
 
So in terms of why this works now, what we're doing here is we're turning an intangible promise into tangible proof. Right. As I said before, you know, prospects can visualize experience before they actually buy into it.
 
So they have a lot of clarity and it also justifies the premium pricing. If we're showcasing every step of our process from the post booking, the fulfillment systems, the onboarding structure, everyone's going to be like, OK, cool. You know, this makes sense.
 
This is why I'm paying X amount. And it means they can obviously visualize it before buying. So there's trust built, there's complete clarity, there's a lack of uncertainty.
 
And as a result, people are willing to actually make that investment. They're prepared to make that investment when they get on a call. Hence why I think literally like, as you guys saw, we had an 100k day the other day, 80% of them sell schools is like zero objections because we'd already helped the viewer or helped like an ICP, you know, visualize what our program looks like, what they're going to get if they buy into us.
 
On top of that, it obviously differentiates from our competitors who might just, you know, list deliverables with no visible system behind them. It's obviously dropping that by hesitation, right? People stop imagining the worst. They can actually visualize what you're going to provide, what you're going to help them with.
 
Obviously, by the way, I'm going to link this entire presentation off the call because I listed like a couple examples. One of like this guy called Jonas, how he did it. So you guys can go back and take inspiration from those.
 
But like the same sort of concept applies now. Common mistakes people make is kind of being vague with it. Now, the whole idea of this is you really want to actually showcase your unique mechanism, right? And instead of, you know, just saying, oh, we jump on a call, you know, then we give you like an actionable to complete.
 
Instead of just saying that's what you do. Once again, it comes back to how can you actually use onscreen visuals to match what you're describing verbally. And for a lot of people, this is going to look completely unique, right? Our post booking process, our fulfillment process is going to look completely different to any other competitors, which is what we want to lean into in this piece of content.
 
And the same thing applies to you guys, right? Your fulfillment systems are going to look completely different to your competitors. How can you actually show that within your content, you know, increase people's perception of you and create that gap between you and other people within your industry? On top of that, other people kind of just, you know, common mistakes people make is just selling the deliverables. But realistically, we want to sell the outcome, right? Say we have, OK, the onboarding flow.
 
What is the outcome of implementing this onboarding system? For us, we have like a cash injection phase, which you guys might enter when you join. Don't know if like some of you old guys who have been here for a while remember that, but a lot of the time people implement a cash injection. And as a result, again, they get, you know, quite a few sales within the first week of working with us.
 
So showcasing, OK, one deliverable is a cash injection. Here's the outcome of implementing it. And then we have clients who have made X amount within a week of working with us is one really good way of actually selling the outcome rather than deliverable.
 
So there's a video framework for this. Very straightforward. It's kind of just leveraging a pattern interrupt.
 
So, you know, this is the secret behind how we achieved X. Sort of revealing it. So walking through the fulfillment step by step. Obviously, this could be swapped out by the onboarding flow.
 
This could be the post booking process. This could be how we nurture people in the DMs, whatever applies to you guys and your niche. So for some of you fitness coaches, it could be, you know, how you map out someone's diet plan or how you map out, you know, their workout plan.
 
What does it look like when they join your program? How soon do they get access to it, etc.? So what is your unique selling point there? And then we want to tie in proof, as I mentioned. So, you know, link the system back to how a client achieved X outcome in Y timeframe. Really sell people on the transformation, link it back to the deliverables and then the CTA.
 
So this could be, you know, booking a call or it could be like a template of access to a similar system. For example, us giving away our post booking workflow. Right.
 
Yeah, that's an overview of the unique mechanism reveal videos. So to be honest with you, this is really the best one from the entire presentation, I'd say, based on, you know, what's worked well for Siwe. I think this has been like our best performer for a minute now.
 
We have like two gold mines of videos. One being like the sales core videos we post and the other being, you know, videos like this. So if there's one you take away from this and implement for yourselves, I recommend it being this one.
 
But also make sure like this is very heavily middle of funnel. We could even argue like bottom of funnel. So make sure like you do this once you've dialed in your top funnel, once you've actually generated attention to your account, because otherwise it's probably not going to perform as well.
 
It's not going to be shown to the right people. Andrew, how can I help? Just a quick question on this. Can you go back two slides real quick? So like the framework, like the order of how you, yeah, this one.
 
So what if the outcome, let's say, because my specific niche is fitness, what if the outcome also kind of ties in with the proof? Like, how would I structure that so I'm not kind of repetitive? Like, let's say the secret behind how we got X person to do desired outcome. I wouldn't really say the same thing like in the tie in at the end. Like, how would you kind of go about that? Yeah, that's completely fine.
 
If you look at Siwe's video, we kind of, we didn't really tie in any client results to be fair. We more showed our result in the hook. So you could follow like the exact same framework.
 
So the pattern interrupts and the proof tie in could be like the hook itself. So the secret of how we helped this person achieve X outcome, then obviously walk through the fulfillment systems. And then your CTA could be potentially like a long form video where you break down their transformation step by step, how you got them to achieve it.
 
So it's like a more in detail version of the short form reel. Perfect. Perfect.
 
Thank you. Got you. Okay.
 
Any other questions before we go on to the third one? This one's a bit more top funnel, but a trending one I've seen, nevertheless. Perfect. So next one's more like the past versus future self reel.
 
Now, this is basically a split screen talking head where you play both roles. Yes didn't actually send me this the other day to be fair. I was like, okay, this is a sick idea.
 
I've seen quite a few people do it since as well. And, you know, people execute in different ways. But effectively, it's basically you, your current self speaking to your past self.
 
So a lot of people are positioning it as like the 2026 you. That's like the 2026, 2016 version of you. So we'll check out this version of it from this guy is a sales guy.
 
But effectively, he's literally having a conversation with his old self. So, you know why this works before we jump into it more formally. It's like showcasing, you know, the current situation of your viewer versus their dream outcome.
 
You being the dream outcome, them being the current situation. And this gives you like this power play where you're kind of put on a pedestal. They're kind of viewing you as above them in their dream outcome and positioning you as someone who can actually help them achieve like X outcome that they decide to achieve.
 
And it gives you an opportunity to leave a really powerful lasting message with the payoff of the video being more focused around, you know, what should they actually implement in order to get to your position. So we go sort of into why this works. Now, as I said, your audience is going to resonate with your old self, which is like technically their current situation.
 
What are their pain points? What are their struggles? You know, what are their limits and beliefs? And you can get really specific with this, giving examples from your life and they're going to want your current self. So their dream outcome, right? What are the benefits of being in your position? Is it the money you make? I mean, typically like the time freedom, the location freedom. What is running a business of that size and caliber look like? Another reason why it works well, you know, the split screen is typically a pattern interrupt.
 
So it's not, you know, the standard talking head that we're used to seeing on our feed. So pattern interrupt, people are going to stop scrolling. They're actually going to be interested like, OK, I've never really seen this before.
 
So as a result, we grab their attention. Also, you're building trust faster than almost like any other format because you're building, you're being vulnerable, but you're also being aspirational. Right.
 
You're showcasing the side of you that you might not necessarily see a lot of people showcase online because typically everyone's showing, you know, the wins. Nobody wants to show the losses or where they came from. But as a result, you're also implementing, OK, you know, this is what I overcame in order to reach X destination where I'm at today.
 
And once again, there's high shareability, which is really the most valuable interaction or engagement someone can give in order for it to get pushed out in the algorithm because there's like a shared experience and people actually resonate with what you're talking about. Now, common mistakes people make with this is being generic. And this all applies to any video where you're talking about your story.
 
I really want you guys to give very specific examples. Right. Be super direct with what you're talking about, because this is one that's going to make you super unique.
 
But it's also going to allow the viewer to actually, you know, resonate with you and try create like a link between, you know, how you felt, what you went through versus how they feel right now and what they're going through. So if you're being generic, there's kind of just going to be like this vagueness. No one's really going to resonate with it too much.
 
You just won't feel as authentic. And at the end of the day, the whole aim of this is to be as authentic as possible and basically give like a reality check. Same sort of thing here.
 
Like there's no sort of clear emotional arc. Now the conversation needs to go somewhere. I can't just be, you know, toggle between one version of yourself versus another.
 
There needs to be some form of emotional arc. I'm going to link, there was a woman I saw do this format as well the other day. She like executed perfectly because it was very conversational.
 
It was very like laid back. It was very personalized as well. So I'll find that link and send it after.
 
But yeah, have like an actual emotional arc and making it super personal, making it your story, not like just the viewers and trying to be really specific with where you are. Let me just link it back to ICP pain points, actually making it personalized to you. Now this is what's really going to help it stand out and make it feel authentic.
 
The whole aim of this video is to be authentic and show your true self and what you overcame to get to where you are now. So there's a framework for this video. You kind of want to establish what it is in the first two to three seconds.
 
Like the audience must know who's who. So obviously this is formatted as split screen. It's very clear.
 
You've got like a 2016 down here. You've also got the text hook, but we're also showing, you know, lower quality camera makes it kind of clearer. Obviously it's like filmed on the same day, but kind of just leaning into that aspect.
 
Then like high quality 2026 up here. So you understand, you know, what's the actual format, what's actually going on in this video. Go for like problem state.
 
So, you know, past self start talking about like a real specific, emotionally honest struggle. This could be something your audience will resonate with. Maybe pick something that you feel like will be relevant to them that you also underwent.
 
Then you want to pivot. So you want to show the future self reframing the belief or sharing the insight that changed everything. Now, this is going to be like the biggest payoff sort of behind this video because it allows you to give your audience a specific piece of advice to help them go from where you were and where they are right now to, you know, where you are right now and where they want to get to.
 
And that's what's really going to, you know, move the needle for them, make them view you as an authority. And then you want to sort of transition to the proof. You know, when you stop doing X, when you start doing Y, this is what happens.
 
Once again, link it back to your story, making it super specific and then transition into a payoff. So as I kind of touched on before, end it with what like the future self would tell the past self to do right now. This is what's going to be really powerful.
 
This is what's going to, you know, end the reel very nicely and kind of double down the whole idea behind the reel of, you know, you being authority and them taking, you know, your lead. Now, that's an overview of this video, trending format right now, very top of the funnel. We definitely recommend you guys sort of implementing something similar, especially if you're kind of struggling to generate eyeballs to your account, but also really good to nurture your audience as well.
 
Yeah, transition to the fourth one now, which is like a sales call into client interview video. Before we jump into that, any questions on this format or we all good? You said it's good for getting eyeballs as well, so it's more towards the top? Yeah, I'd say this is more top of funnel, right? Because it's still quite generic as much as you can make it, you know, very ICP specific. It's very like generic because you're going to show, you know, the reality of starting your business versus the reality of where you are now.
 
You can really lean into what everyone sort of goes through when they first start a business, you know, the struggles, the limiting beliefs, the feeling of it not working, the failures. And then you can transition more into, you know, where are you now? So I'd say, yeah, more top of funnel. You can keep it quite generic, but also be really specific to your story.
 
All right. Thank you. Sweet.
 
So next one I want to go through is the sales call to client interview. Now, as I mentioned before, similar to the second video, this is like a goldmine format for Suway. And this is one we're going to be experimenting with as well in the upcoming week.
 
You've obviously seen like our client interview videos. You've probably seen our sales school videos where, you know, we're closing X deal, doing a bit of objection handling. So this is like a hybrid between the two now.
 
Those sales school videos for us are by far the videos that generate us the most ICP followers. They're like a complete goldmine, really good at converting people, really good for generating ICP followers. But then on top of that, the client interviews are really good, best nurture pieces.
 
Obviously, that's just not for us. Like that goes for any of you guys. Posting your client interviews, getting those out there are going to be super important to actually nurture people.
 
So combining them and creating like a sales call to client interview video, like a before versus after, showing the objections on what I've had in the sales call. Maybe the limiting beliefs they are facing versus, you know, the client interview where they actually describe their results. It's going to be super important to actually nurture people and show like a transformation.
 
So this one by a guy called Max in house, he goes through, you know, the sales call, basically like shows like the current situation of his client before they actually joined him.




Consulting Mastery Group Call w - March 11
Consulting Mastery Group Call w - March 11


VIEW RECORDING - 56 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Joe Dooley
Good brother, how are you?


@0:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm blessed bro, blessed, where you headed to?


@0:05 - Joe Dooley
Amen, I'm headed back to the house, I just got done with the gym, and went to the bank to cash, deposit some checks.


@0:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nice. it's beautiful weather brother, in the whip. I love it bro, I love it. It's a good day, blessed is an understatement man, congrats on the 100k day, that's great.
you man, thank you, thank you. What'd you hit in the gym bro?


@0:26 - Joe Dooley
A little upper body, a little chest, shoulders dry, a little push.


@0:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
thanks, I love it, I love it. Beautiful. Andrew, your camera's looking crisp man, I can see every feature on your face.


@0:40 - Andrew Wilkes
Thank you bro, dialed in, dialed in man. I love it, how you doing man, nice to meet you. Good brother, nice to meet you man.


@0:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes, bro. First of all, I just want to say I am excited to have you new guys on here.
I think we have like four or five new faces on here today. So, it will be very exciting to get to know every single one of you.
And yeah, you know, once you guys have helped on that call. Kim, make sure to book in a call of me.
Man, I'm going to be excited to really just give you guys the exact blueprint that you guys need to scale and take it to a whole new level.
So I'm excited for it. Okay. Max, how you doing, bro? You all good?


@1:15 - Max
Bro, I'm doing amazing. I couldn't be more excited for this.


@1:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it, bro. I looked at your social media, man. You work with some high level people. So it's going to be very easy to dial in the positioning and all that.


@1:28 - Max
All right. For sure. It's going to be fun.


@1:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Where are you calling from?


@1:32 - Max
From Germany, man. Okay.


@1:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nice, nice, nice.


@1:34 - Max
Yeah, right now I'm from Germany. Hey, I love it, eh?


@1:38 - Jakob Schnitzler
You're calling.


@1:38 - Max
Actually, most of the guys I work with, they're from London as well.


@1:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, then you have to pull up. You have to pull I was just talking to Masari just now. Like, you know, we should all do like a little meetup.
You guys come during one weekend. We can hang out one or two days. Take it from there.


@1:56 - Max
That would be nice, yeah, yeah. Why not?


@1:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Last time I wasn't...


@2:00 - Max
London was two years ago for Christmas, man, that city is beautiful, it's always raining, if you go to the right spots, it's nice, if you go to the right spots, it's really nice, so, I love it, cool, cool, cool, Jakob, you doing, brother?


@2:20 - Jakob Schnitzler
Good, how about yourself, comrades again, bro, huge day, that's so exciting, bro.


@2:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, it's crazy, it's crazy, I didn't, I didn't even, man, that was not even in my, like, consciousness, honestly, I was like, not even thinking about it, and then one after the other, everything just happened, but, I mean, first of all, thank, you know, I just want to say thank you all for putting your trust in us, um, it's gonna be a very, very fun time, and, you you can ask guys that have been in the program for a while, like Jakob, Dylan, you know, they all know, they all know what's up, Nigel, all of them, they've been in the program for a while now, so they all know what's um, but yeah, for the new guys, appreciate you guys joining in, and even for every single one of you.
We don't take what you guys, you know, like the trust you guys give us lightly. We really don't. I'm constantly building out new things, and I'm building out an entire new content, presentation, and content, everything, to really give you guys all the up-to-date strategies and blueprints to really scale.
So, yeah, I really appreciate it. Really appreciate it. Just wanted to say that real quick. Nigel, how you doing, bro?
I'm chilling, bro.


@3:27 - nigeldaley
I'm geeking off of your win, bro.


@3:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, it's crazy, crazy. But yeah, I appreciate the love, guys, honestly. It just, I generally think it's because we've posted so much proof.
We've posted so much proof, and over time, people just start to realize, like, yo, what this guy is saying doesn't actually add up because the amount of proof that he has is not as much as this guy, and people will start to see after a few times, like, okay, like, you know, the person that has the most proof always wins.
So, I say this all the time, you know, how can you be in it for the long And, um, today that's what I really want to cover.
Okay. So before we do that, I want to go over some, uh, new wins and, you know, like, what are some wins that you guys have?
It could be financial, it could be personal, it could be spiritual, whatever it may be. Let's start off on this call on a good note.
What are some wins you guys have? And then we'll take it from there. have a whole presentation lined up.
Anyone can feel free to unmute, by the way. Um, no need to raise hand or whatever.


@4:28 - Max
I'll actually be in Lisbon later. Oh, you want to go first?


@4:32 - Ajani Burgess
Mine is short. I was going to say, I, uh, I, finally I'm getting people up saying like my content is like affecting them or helping them, uh, from the longest, like my initial, um, what was it?
Impression wasn't very strong, but I've kind of started dialing that in.


@4:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that's a huge win for me. Okay. I love that, bro. Go ahead, Max.


@4:54 - Ajani Burgess
That's sick.


@4:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nice one, bro.


@4:56 - Max
Congrats on that one. I'm going to be in Lisbon later this month. Cause we're hosting a two and a half day, what you guys call mastermind, we call it workshop in like my area, uh, for senior managers from one of the big four consultancies.


@5:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it, bro. That's sick. Study for that one.


@5:14 - Max
Yeah. I'm also going to meet, uh, one of my favorite colleagues over there who used to be a partner at, uh, EY.
So I'm going to try to get a good interview with them as well.


@5:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it, bro. Let's do it. Let's do it.


@5:26 - Max
Big stuff, man.


@5:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Big clients, all the consulting firms and all that. Um, I love it. Mason, what's up, man?


@5:34 - Mason Lee
Oh, my bad. I'm driving right now, but, um, on YouTube, for some reason, YouTube shorts, especially I've gotten two reels or two short form hit like one mil and then a bunch of other ones hit over a hundred K.


@5:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So a lot of traffic coming in.


@5:49 - Mason Lee
Let's go.


@5:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The lead flow starting to pick up now.


@5:51 - Mason Lee
Yeah. They're finally about time.


@5:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The Sweden effect, bro. Good .


@5:56 - Mason Lee
I love it.


@5:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Let's do one more. And then I'll, I'll.


@6:00 - Andrew Wilkes
I'll do my win, alright, go ahead, so, at the start of March, we did, the first three days, had 28.3k, which was our biggest, like, biggest amount in a small period, I mean, it was right before we joined, but we're gonna take that, and now we're gonna turn to 100k, so, that's a pretty cool start of the month for us.


@6:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hell yeah, was that red or cash? Oh, that was cash collected. Boom, okay, bro, you joined at the right time.
When you guys have a fancy, when you join, bro, we take that to the next level, so, Andrew, it.
Yeah, book it with me, maximum Friday or Monday, bro, let's get things going, alright?


@6:40 - Andrew Wilkes
Let's do it, I'm gonna get it on. Let's run it.


@6:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, cool, a win for me, guys, is that I took a bit of inspo from Nigel, you know, I'm starting to dress better, so, if you haven't realized, look, you know, the cool, the funny thing is, we used to go from having, like, everyone in the community wear, like, you know, plain shirts, white, black, I think, like, there's still, know, you
A few of you that wear black t-shirts, nothing wrong with that, but one thing that I'm really emphasizing that I think is going to really put your guys' brand and even our brand to the next level is just showing up better, all of that, Joe isn't a wife, Peter, just chilling in his car, but just dressing nicer, and so I've been taking a lot of inspiration from people, looking at some inspiration, like looking all over the place and just, it's such a small thing, but I feel like if you guys pay attention to little details and, you know, clothing is one of the easiest things you can fix in your outlook and the way that you present yourself to come across a certain way, and so if you guys are more, you know, intentional about the way you guys dress and all that, I'm looking at the comments, you guys are just messaging a bunch of , you know, when you guys are just more intentional about the way you dress and you take inspiration from people that are really just, you know, up there and you want to emulate the image that they portray, the the same
The way that I look at movies and I take inspiration, man, you know, let's run it. Let's run it.
So I'm literally, as I'm filming these new modules, guys, there's literally going to be one specifically on how to rework and revamp your entire wardrobe to find your style.
I think that is such an underrated thing. I might have to get Nigel to do a little presentation over there.
But I think that that'll be something really cool that is so overlooked, but goes a long way. So that's a little win on my side.
Okay. But yeah, guys, I love the wins. I appreciate the new guys popping in and being active as well.
I'll get to know every single one of you individually. Today, I want to go over the 100K in one day.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
And I want to go over exactly, I don't, I generally don't feel like this is something that has happened because of, oh, we did this yesterday.
This is the culmination. And, you know, just say, it's an accumulation of a month. It's an accumulation of six months to a year's worth of work.
That I. That's intentionally did, and that I intentionally designed to be able to come to this point, and so I don't want you guys to look at 100K a day and be like, oh my gosh, know, like, SooWei's been working so hard for the, for, in March, oh, I kid you not, in January and February, I was working like a dog, you know, like, I was working, working, and I really want you guys to understand that we're in a, we're in a three-month business, the things you do in January will lead to the results in March, so the things you do today will not lead to the results this month, or even next month, it'll lead to the results in three months from now, and so that's why I always preach longevity in long-term business, like, I don't, I don't think you guys understand, like, uh, I'm, I'm still trying to process this amount of money in this amount, like, in 24 hours, the people that have been able to do, do this, are all 30 plus, 40 plus, they've all been in the game for at least, minimum 10 years.
the team that we've built, I'm, I'm 20. I'm turning 21 in a month, my team average age is around 23, we've done something that the industry has never seen before, genuinely, I want you guys to actually understand it, I want to go over the three things that we really focused on, that you guys can implement right now, so that you can actually scale, okay, because exactly one year ago, hit my first $100,000 a month at 19, and exactly a year later, I hit my first $100,000 a day at 20.
So there's specific things that we are able to do in order to scale, and these are things that you can apply to your company and your business right now.
I don't like to call your guys' business, business, treat it like a company, okay? And so the first thing that I would say that changed everything was I treated my personal brand like a media company.
I didn't look at doing reels or doing YouTube videos as some task on a to-do list. Too many of you look at content as an action item on your to-do list that you just do.
for the sake of getting it done. But what that does is you create a piece of content, you do the bare minimum, your preparation is , it's slow, it's sloppy, and then you don't show up on camera well, and then you post it, and then it flops, and then you just do the same thing over and over and over again, and you expect a different outcome.
And so a lot of you and you guys are in a position where maybe you've learned content from some other people.
Maybe you've learned content from some other mentors that say, hey, it's all about volume. There's no point of having volume if there's no intention.
Because if you post garbage, you're posting more garbage. Why would you want to get, like, why would you want to do more of that?
You need to know if your content's working first, and then you add the volume. That's the biggest mindset shift that I need you guys to change, especially for the guys in the fitness, that came from the fitness industry.
Because if you guys have been taught value, value, like... Content, volume, all of this, talk to the camera, pull it out, no intention, just go.
But that is up your entire brand. Because every time you post a piece of content, you are training your viewer to scroll past your reel.
Every content you put out should train the viewer to want to come back to your profile and the next time that they see your reel, they want to watch it again.
And so what that means is you need to test between three to five different content formats. Write that down.
Three to five different content formats. So what are the formats that show the best aspects of you? I'm filming this group call right now.
I'm filming this on my camera, right? And so what can I do with this? I know a format that I can rip is when I'm in flow state.
So when I'm coaching and I'm teaching live, I have the best tonality, I have the best conviction, I have the best camera presence.
Everything is natural. I don't have to fake it, but then when I turn on the camera and suddenly I have to get in that mode, it feels unnatural, so you guys wonder how I have such good camera presence, it's not that I'm insanely good on camera, I just know how to capture myself in the right moments, you have to fake conviction and tonality, because you turn on the camera and you speak to the camera, I find where I do well, and where I communicate and where I present myself well, and I record that, so I document what I'm already good at, and that's how I show up on camera.
Your content formats should give you energy instead of draining energy from you. If it drains your energy, avoid it, and find a format that actually gives you that energy.
Group calls give me that energy, and recording it is just a byproduct of what I'm already doing. Does that fundamentally make sense?
Cool. So find formats where you're good. That's the main thing. And And And For me, I personally invested over $50,000 to get insights into the backing systems of the biggest personal brands.
I wanted to really understand what they did. And people preach volume all the time. I think there's nothing wrong with volume.
Volume is amazing. But volume is useless if there's no strategy behind it, because you're aimlessly shooting darts in the dark.
And so what I did was I took a step back and I was like, okay, how can I intentionally post content to get feedback and insights and data?
So I studied what was working in the algorithm every single day. Instead of copying the next viral format or copying the reel that did well from a competitor, I reverse engineered why that video actually performed well.
And if it didn't perform well, why did it flop? And I actually tracked the right metrics. Here's the key.
I don't measure success of content through views. I measure a success of content. through KPIs, like, the time to book call, and the lifetime to actually, like, paint.
Like, that's what I look at. And so what you guys want to add in your onboarding form, if you haven't already, you need to ask them, like, how long did it actually take them to book in a call?
How many pieces of content did they consume? What specific pieces of content pushed them over the edge? Because if you're not getting that information, you're guessing.
I'm going to show you guys something. Like, I take this so serious. And I practice what I preach. If I give you guys a worksheet, there's a reason for that.
There's a reason, because I'm using that as well. So essentially, we're obviously talking about how we're going to basically solve one problem at a time for you guys.
And the biggest problem that 99% of you are facing is all going to be leads. There's going to be a lack of book calls.
There's going to be a lack of good enough content. And so I essentially, this morning, I looked at my entire type form, I looked at my entire onboarding, and basically just pinpointed, like, what is actually wrong with the problems that you guys are facing?
And these are the amount of things that I picked out. There's no foundation of what a strong personal brand even is.
You guys don't even know what pillars you're building. There's no lead flow. You're not generating inbound leads. You're one bad month away from feeling like it'll all fall apart.
There's no real strategy. You copy other creators thinking it'll make you go viral, when the creators that you copy are mostly broke.
So you end up with unqualified leads, and you look like everyone else, and then you wonder why it doesn't work.
Because you're copying someone that you don't even want their business. You just want their views. You're tracking the wrong thing.
So you imagine, if I say that on social media, and I read your mind, you're going to watch the rest of my video.
Because I almost took exactly what you were doing, said it out loud, and I'm the only person that can say that because I'm the only person that's doing this research.
You have to understand intention. You have to understand this. If you don't know how to determine if content is good, then that's what my ICP is struggling with, right?
People just look at views and likes, you're tracking the wrong metrics, and they just keep on doing what gets views, and then they wonder why they attract an unqualified audience to stay stuck.
First impression, they don't have a good first impression. They wear clothes, lighting, no intention. Whenever they feel like filming a reel, they whip out their phone, and they just film.
And they don't realize that that actually just works against them, because our audience, before we even speak a word out of our mouth, they already have a judgment of us.
So how can we use that to our advantage? So I can go down the list. But do you see how my content now is so hyper-targeted?
And so... It almost feels like I'm taking exactly what you're thinking right now and saying it out loud. The best creators do this.
My best ideas, my best reels, don't come from copying the competitor that just posted, because that means I'm second.
My best reels comes from doing the work that nobody wants to do. You guys don't do this. So the more in-depth your market research, especially for you and you guys, the better your content.
This is the foundation. Bruv, this is one thing that I did. And every time I struggle with content, I go back to this and I get inspiration.
Okay? Does that make sense? Cool. So deep-rooted problems, I have all this. The science is solutions, all of this stuff.
I know my ICP like the back of my hand. I don't got to guess. This is from the clients.
This is from the sales call. I told my, I told my setter and closer, compile a list of this.
And so we have everything that we put over here. We put 10 different sales calls of our dream ICP in a cloud.
We asked them how many of them struggle with which problem. And we know that inbound leads is the biggest pain point.
So if I talk about that, guess who we're going to attract? The most qualified ICP. It's all intentional and you all have to reverse engineer it.
Okay. That's the main thing. Does that make sense about the personal brand? anybody have any questions? No this one?
No questions? You guys are all good? Yeah.


@19:39 - Andrew Wilkes
Quick question. Go ahead, brother. When you say market research, are you talking primarily towards the, the reels that are also attracting your ICP from competitors?
Or are you talking more directly to like the mindset of your ICP and understanding their mindset or like what's working for other creators for the ICP?
think so.


@20:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, the first people that I look at when it comes to market research is you probably have, Andrew, could probably list like three dream clients that you love working with.
And then if you kept on working with them, your life would be amazing, right? So you already know that those are people that you want in your ecosystem, in your world, in your program.
So if you would, like, we just want more of those people. So I would ask them, man, like, what problems were you facing before you even came to me?
What did you try? What did you do? How are you feeling? And you want to essentially read their mind and be able to just snap your fingers and get into their shoes to understand exactly what they're struggling with so you can speak their problems clearer than they can.
And when you can do that, they'll give you whatever you charge. So it would be that specific ICP, all right?


@20:47 - Andrew Wilkes
I say that to my clients and it pisses me off that you just said it back to me. That's okay.


@20:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Got it.


@20:53 - Andrew Wilkes
Sometimes we just got to hear it from a second perspective, bro.


@20:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
We just got to be reminded more than we got to be told, you know?


@20:58 - Andrew Wilkes
Bird's eye view. Exactly.


@20:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Thank you.


@21:01 - Andrew Wilkes
Of course.


@21:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Anybody else on the personal brand side?


@21:05 - Max
Yeah, bro. Because in the, you know, in the qualified audience of buyers video, how you explain with your content, you shouldn't attract the ICP, but you should aim for your dream follower, right?


@21:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes.


@21:16 - Max
Do you pull your information about your dream follower from the avatar sheet about your ICP? Or do you have a separate sheet just for the dream follower?


@21:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, there are specific, I'll give you an example, let's say over here. There are specific ones that are a bit more broad.
Like, what I say about that is like, something like this, right? So, this could be not even just this, this specific ICP, but it could be just people posting in content.
You know, they're just posting in general. They would, they would struggle with this. And so, this is a reel that.
This is an idea that appeals to a much wider top of funnel, and so I would say, like, that's the thing, like, don't just do your ICP, obviously, that's, like, the most important one that you want to track, but also ask, like, okay, your audience and all that, just people you want to attract, and go a step further and, you know, dream follower.
So I would do, like, your exact ICP, and then dream follower below it, if that makes sense. And then you get kind of two, and when you want to, when you struggle with lead flow and attention and getting views, you can go towards more, dream follower, when you struggle with middle funnel and nurturing, you can go towards ICP.
Okay?


@22:35 - Max
Yeah, I got you. Thank you.


@22:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Jacob, did you have one, brother?


@22:42 - Jakob Schnitzler
I mean, there was just one thing I kind of wanted to add where you were saying, because I had the same issue with, like, sometimes you just got to hear something from someone else, and there's something called the Solomon Paradoxon, which is basically that we are teaching other people what to do, but we can teach other
Our advice applies to other people, but when we should do it ourselves, like we don't do it, so anyone that is struggling with that, like look up Solomon Paradoxon, it helps a lot, like it explains that kind of paradox of us teaching others, but then can't apply it for ourselves.


@23:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. I love it. Sauce, bro. Sick. Okay, cool. All let's go on to the second one. All right.
Best proof in the industry. It's simple. When you target a sophisticated type of client that has to pay more, it comes down to proof and results.
Now, what I would say about this is that proof in itself is actually very boring, unless it's towards the people that are looking to buy.
So it's very, very specific. Like when you post content about proof and about why your product is good and why you get client results, naturally, you're going to push a lot of people away because people don't give a .
They just want to watch your entertaining and all that. And you have to package it in a way where people actually do care.
So you gotta think, like, how can I package a case study that shows my authority and shows my credibility in a way that's entertaining?
And sometimes, a client interview just isn't enough, because it's boring, you're sitting down, you're sitting on your for 30 minutes, asking questions back and forth, and getting, trying to get him to give you good answers so you can clip it, or post it as a reel, whatever, like it's just, it's just not a best setting for good views and good attention, right?
And so the things that I like to do when it comes to client interviews is I love to take a more podcast approach.
I love to actually get the understanding of why people even wanted to do the vehicle in the first place.
So let's say, okay, you know, I'm interviewing a fitness coach, right? Usually I like to ask, like, man, what got you into fitness?
Why? And that is, again, it's more, it's such a vague question, has nothing to do with me, but it gets the flow going.
And it's more entertaining to understand why someone wanted to go out of fitness, and most likely... You know, some happen, and if he opens up and it's entertaining, boom, like that's what builds the stage for us to have a great interview.
And so when you start your interview with like, oh, how is it working with me? You're making it so hard for there to be flow because you want to ask extremely open-ended questions that get people to resonate.
Because if someone got into fitness for the same exact reason as your client, they'll feel like, hey, SooWei is cool, but like that client is even cooler.
I want to be part of their community, not just to get help from SooWei, but also to meet people like that, that got into fitness the same reason that I did.
So now you sell them on a second, third reason, not just the fact that your program is good. So you need to find different ways to show and really give reasons for people to actually listen to you, apart from just thinking that your program is good.
Okay. And again, nobody has more case studies than us. Like we have, I generally. Thinking like the, specifically in the content B2B space, there's not a single person that has more case studies than us, you know, maybe people have been running for 30, you know, maybe some 30, 40 year olds have been doing it in a sub segment of like the fitness niche.
But in terms of how long we've been doing it, and what we actually help with in the ICP, nobody's more case studies than us.
And so what I'm doing is I'm just building so much proof that I'm good at what I do. Through my YouTube.
And you guys should get in the habit of posting every single interview, and every single good thing. Because when you scroll, and you check out my interviews, you're like, okay, he helped this guy make 70 to 165 in 60 days, 20 to 85 in 60 days, 45 to 109 in 30 days, 30 to 102 in 60 days, 55 in 90 days.
At a certain point. There's so much proof that your audience has no choice but to take your word, but not just your word, your client's word.
And so instead of me telling people to work with me, I'm just showing the results I get. I'm just showing the results I get.
And these are the best type of clients to work with, the people that get sold on interviews. Usually, the value is good, but that's the foot in the door, and the thing that closes the door, and the thing that gets people fully in, is the interviews, and the proof, and the word of mouth, and the mutuals that you know got results from the program.
So again, I can't stress how important it is that doubling down on fulfillment, and doubling down on your product, and doubling down on getting results, and extracting those results, and showing that in your marketing, is so damn important.
So too many of you have ridiculous amount of people that get results. get case studies, but you're not showing it, you're doing all that hard work, it's like you season up the steak, you got it all warm, you're heating up the pan, you cooked it in perfect medium rare, and instead of eating, you throw it away, like, that's what you guys are doing, you're not even eating the steak, you're just seasoning it for the sake of seasoning and having fun, but if you want the biggest benefit out of, you know, the proof and the fulfillment and all of this, you have to show it more, and so one thing that we do, we literally have over here, we tie it over here, where it's client testimonials, and then out 27 videos, two dozen videos, and it's not even everything, you know, we have so many more that we're posting, but when you see this as a coach, you're gonna think like, yo, this guy's doing something right, you know, like, I should probably listen, at least to his value, because again, you have to give people a reason to give a about you, and for my specific sophistication level, proof matters a thing you know, we
And even B2C. B2C market is evolving. They're not falling for the lifestyle stuff for much longer. They're going to look at proof, they're going to do their research.
And this is what will actually push people over the edge, okay? Oisin, what's up, man?


@29:15 - Oisin
Can you hear me from... Yes.


@29:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
have my... Perfect, bro.


@29:18 - Oisin
So a lot of the guys we're working with is B2C. One of their excuses is they don't want to be put out there.
So what do I do in that case? Well, that's just a positioning problem.


@29:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Because the way that I have it positioned... I mean, you guys can correct me if I'm wrong, but like, getting a client interview is a sick moment.
It's like a... Wow, I watched some... Part of the reason why I joined CM was to absolutely kill it, knock it out the park, and do a client interview.
And I remember, Jacob, when you joined, it was sick, bro. You were like, bro, I want to be your best case today.
I remember that, right? And I want to be like a client interview. I want to be a testimonial. Like, we've almost made it a culture to want to be a client interview.
To want to be a... That's transformation that people look at. And you see the way that we have the tiers structured in the program?
For a reason, bro. Every 100K a month guy has an interview. Every 100K a month guy has gotten hundreds of followers from my audience because of association.
Why would you not want that? So it's the whole idea of like positioning. I've really built CM in a way where the ultimate outcome, it's not even the money.
It's the idea of fulfilling your potential, and also getting the status and the recognition that you deserve, the respect that you deserve.
Because every single one of you could make 100K a month. Every single one of you makes five figures a month.
If you can make five figures a month, you can make six figures a month easily. You know? So the positioning that I create and the idea of a client interview is high status.
What do people want? High status. So it's all about the way you position it. I would just restructure the way that you position it, have some tiers, make it fall.
And you'll see everything start to switch, okay? I mean, Oisin, like, really think about it, bro. Who wouldn't want their friends to know that they're successful?


@31:14 - Oisin
See, the one thing is, a lot of them have this mindset where it's, keep it, you know, private, because, again, a lot of where we're targeting, people, like, speak down when you do well.
Like, they don't, it's not like the US, it's not like where people want you to go ahead and do well.
Like, it's a very, it's normal for them to keep very low-key until they're big enough, if that makes sense.
So, a lot of these guys, I can definitely do a better job reaching out to them, but they would say, you know, yeah, you can post me no name, so on and so on.
But, like, when it comes to the video testimonials, there's, you know, they're very against putting their face out there.
Again, it's a very small market, so people know each other. You know, like, everyone knows each other.


@31:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah. It's just a cult, I think it's a culture thing, because I'm. I know Ireland and the UK is like that, but, again, like, you can lead that change, bro.
I'm trying to change the way that people look at money. Instead of making your first 100K and then buying a car and buying this, like, I want to change that.
Bro, I've been doing this for five years and I don't even have a car. I haven't bought a car.
And, like, for some people, like, that's so, like, that's so crazy. Like, how could you even have that much control, you know?
Bro, I'm not going to lie, I'm looking at Mercedes and stuff. I've know, bro, okay, I'm not going to lie, I've been tempted so many times and I've been looking at a Maybach.
I don't know what y'all think about a Maybach, but, bro, I have a temptation too, you know what I mean?
I have a temptation too, but I'm trying to change the way that the framing is done. So if you just work on it one step at a time, it'll be good, you know?
But, yeah, that's what I'd say. I'll show you guys what car I'm looking at. Let me know what y'all think about this.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
know. Let Thank It's pricey as , I'm not gonna lie, but, what do y'all think?


@33:05 - Joe Dooley
That's tough, can't lie, Maybach, Maybach was tough.


@33:08 - Andrew Wilkes
One of the, one of the biggest signing points for me, with you, Sue, was the fact that you didn't use cars, or watches, or like, yachts, to like, sell, or flex, or anything, and that's how kind of like, because I talk a lot of about like, the anti-guru, influencer approach, so like, when I saw you doing way better than what I was doing, with the same kind of perception on how to, you know, like the Daniel Dallin approach, where it's just like, he's very just, that was a huge signing point for me, because I know, I actually talked to Nigel about this the other day, I was one of those 100k, buy a car guys, and then when I saw that, not really do anything for me, I looked at you, instead of all your competitors, and went, oh, this guy's actually doing something of value, and not having to show the value, he has it, you know, it was a different kind of take than most guys.


@33:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I appreciate that, and think that's a lot of, that's a lot of why you guys joined as well, right, like, the whole idea that we,


@34:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
Don't sell the lifestyle, we just sell with like the value and the person that you want to become instead of having all these material items, but man, I can't lie though, a car would be nice, I'm just thinking about how to position it, how to position it the right way, and whether or it's the right time, but I think a Maybach is also like, it's a classy car, you know, it's not one of those classy cars, it's like a businessman car, so I think that's like, once you approach now this next level, 100k day, it's like, I got a chauffeur, and like, I'm just like, you know, saving time, some Jordan Belford .


@34:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, I kid you not, that Wolf of Wall Street movie got me moving different this one, bro, I literally talked about that, and I think like two weeks ago on a group call, I told you guys, bro, the frequency and everything is changing, so, if y'all need some motivation to go make some money, watch that video, search up the PG version, because, my gosh, I had to skip a lot of parts, but, that video definitely gives you a kick up the , if you're not,
You know, working hard enough. So, that movie was sick. But yeah, Jacob, that's a very good angle, bro.


@35:06 - Joe Dooley
I think it depends too, like, if you're actually into it, like, if you're actually into cars, like, are you buying it because, like, you want it and, like, you're into that?
Or are you buying it because that's what you think social media, like, wants? Like, also, like a Maybach, like Jacob said, that's a perfect example.
Like, that's a classy car. Like, same with, like, when I had the C8 Corvette, like, bro, that's a cornball car.
Like, straight up. Like, it was a great car, but it's a cornball car. I won't lie. Like, loved it, but it is what it is.
Like, you get, like, a C8 Corvette, McLaren, GT, or, like, those are the big two, bro. Those are the top two cornball cars.
But, like, once I got to the 911, was, like, it's just different energy. And, like, I don't really flex my .
Like, I have it, but I love that car.


@35:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I've always loved cars. Yeah. So, I think it's, like, like you just said about content, it's intention, the intention behind it.
I feel that. I feel that. So, that's the car I'm looking at because I think it's, like, first of all, no one even has that.
I don't want to get, like, a Eurus or, like, Ferrari. Yeah, Eurus is another combo.


@36:00 - Joe Dooley
I'll call it for sure, bro, not a hundred percent.


@36:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But, like, Maybach is just so different, and the positioning art, Jacob gave me a crazy good idea, so, and it's also the same price as, like, a Porsche, bro, it's the same price as a GT3, man, it's crazy, but it looks so premium, so, but yeah, that's just something I'm looking at, maybe, maybe, maybe this year, bro, who knows, but yeah, let's get back to it, guys, let's get back to it, so, yeah, that's what I was saying, just proof, right, how can we show more proof?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
And I think it's one of the biggest levers to pull, but it's very, very easy to get sucked into the fulfillment trap.
Now, you need to understand that when you're running a business, you're not running a charity, you're not running a charity.
As much as you love your clients, you need to know when to draw the line, and I say this all the time because this happens every single time, every single one of us, like, the cool thing about this community is that we're, obviously the money's cool, it's a byproduct of what we do, but the most important thing, and across the board,
Fulfillment is the top priority, and a lot of the times when clients ask us of something, we always give it to them, but there has to be a line that you draw to protect your time, there has to be a line that you draw, and so you need to understand that if you don't draw the line, your clients will step all over you because they don't know any better, they don't know any better, it's like a kid, like a kid is going to keep on testing what they can do and what they can't do, and the moment that you draw the line, that's when they know Okay, I should stop here.
If you never draw that line, bro, they're going to walk all over you, and so you need to protect your time and understand that you need, like, you can't give one client all the time in the world, and you need to have specific days for client check-in days, that's what I do, and that's been the biggest game changer.
For me, every Monday and Wednesday is my client check-in day, and I just ramp it up with one-on-one on one-on-one and one-on-one and back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back, and we get things going.
And one thing that I'm implementing as well, we're doing office hours check-ins. So every time I type in the lounge and people just want to hop in and get some questions solved and, you I'm chilling in there, I have a few hours of free time to spare, I'm hopping in there, instead of us waiting a week for a one-on-one call or, you know, three days for a one-on-one call, they hop in for 10, 15 minutes, get their thing solved, boom.
So it's like, even introducing office hours is a big game changer. And you need to look for one-to-many outputs.
What you have to realize is that when you just solve problems with one-on-one, yes, it's good, but that's not scalable.
And you have to do one-on-one with intention if it's personalized. One-on-one personalization, amazing. If it's specific to the situation, amazing.
But if you're answering the same questions on the similar one-on-one calls, you need to find a way to build a one-to-many output system.
And what that means is you need to go out and actually build something. So the reason why we're building out a full-fledged content, of course, I'm going
We're do a live cohort, it's going to be this big thing. The reason why we're doing that is because I'm still seeing the same mistakes being made over and over again, even though I'm saying it and my team is saying it and all that.
We're just going to build a full-fledged eight-week entire system to transform your personal brand from point A to point B.
Straight up. And just doing that. And so that is a one-too-many output because now that's also in video format and documentation format that people can always refer to.
So before you do that and solve it in one-on-one, can you ask yourself, can you create it in a scalable format to send to the client and make sure that he gets his problem solved?
Because chances are, if he has that problem, 10 other dudes that will join in the future will have that problem as well.
But if you don't ever create that document, you're to have to do that 10 one-hour calls. Answering the same thing over and over again.
And then that's when you hate fulfillment and then you don't want to post content because you sign more clients and you hate your life.
Scale into pleasure, not pain by intentionally designing... That's you do on a day-to-day basis, okay? Third one, spending money is good.
When you spend money, you make money. I used to be that guy that hoarded profit margins, wanted to pay my team as little as possible.
When I introduced bonus structures, when I paid more, I acquired better talent that absolutely worked hard for me and would run through walls, and I'm making more money than ever.
The reason why we're doing this is because of the creative direction team, the sales team, I'm paying more, I'm giving up more profit.
For better talent, which in turn makes me more profit. So instead of looking at your profit margin, look at your take-home profit.
If your take-home profit is consistently increasing, but your profit margin is decreasing, that's natural in business. The biggest companies, like you look at NVIDIA, look at Apple, bro, the CEOs don't have 80% profit.
Like, no. They got like 5%. But they make millions, if not billions, you know? So they're just playing a different ballgame because they understand there's leverage behind this.
There's leverage behind building and acquiring the best talent because that is infinite leverage, they don't have to do all the work, it's not relying on them.
So spending money is good, don't be afraid to spend money on the right talent because when you find an A player and you don't pay him what he deserves, just know that in a few weeks or a month's time, there's going to be a better opportunity that comes up where a company actually appreciates him and will give him the money that he deserves and he will leave your offer in an instant.
So, I had to learn the hard way. My goal with this is to give you the business lessons without the pain, without the time wasted, without the money wasted, and without the scars.
That's what I want to do, okay? So don't be afraid of spending money. Spending money is good because when you put out money in this world, it'll always come back, it'll always come back, as long as you're doing the inputs.
Fourth and last Last one. Be mission driven. For me personally, the record months don't mean anything. Hitting another six-figure month doesn't mean anything.
Hitting a mil a month doesn't mean anything. And there has to be a bigger intrinsic why. I had to change my internal desire from constantly wanting to hit record months and chasing that spike of dopamine and feeling good about myself, to changing it for the industry impact.
And what I mean by industry impact, guys, when you understand this and when you guys build a team, I have team members that have left six-figure-a-year jobs to turn this dream that we have into a reality.
If I don't do my part as a founder and lead them the right way, I'm an . I'm doing myself and the entire team and it's everybody at the service.
myself. Because at a certain point, it's not just you relying on yourself and how much you make, people are relying on you, and it's your duty to show up every single day and work on the right things, and not avoid the biggest A-plus problem that is hard to solve, that you don't know how to solve, but it's holding back your business.
And so because I now have, at this point, have over, you know, nine employees full-time in-house, I'm working harder today than ever, even though I have everything I ever wanted.
Because my internal desire shifted from record months and wanting to make more money to wanting to do it for my team.
Because my vision and the business that we built has to be big enough to fit every single person's dream and their vision in the company if they want to stay long-term.
That's how you should think. So look at your team right now. In a six-year time span. You know, five-year, ten-year times, think long-term, would they stick with you?
And if they would stick with you, would they be able to achieve their goals? Is your business big enough to achieve their goals?
What would your business have to look like for them to achieve their goals? When I struggle with internal desire, asking my team and building that bond and building that trust and that reason to work with them and really build something special with them was what really made this happen.
So, I promise you, if you guys have, make these four changes and you implement and you really understand the psychology behind everything, every single one of this and you're intentional about everything you do on your day-to-day basis, you guys will crush it, okay?
But that's the four things that I wanted to go over. How was it? Helpful? Sick. Sick. Let's go over some questions now and we'll take it from there.
Jacob, what's up, brother? brother?


@45:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
One question towards the client testimonials, I mean, you've been posting a lot on your second channels, so in terms of that, from what point on would you suggest us to have a second channel, start posting on it, is it like something that you do from like a certain point on, or is it like something you're like, oh, I wish I would have done that earlier already, like someone like me would already start doing it right now, and then have basically a long-term benefit of it, or how would you approach that?


@45:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How many subscribers do you have?


@45:30 - Jakob Schnitzler
Uh, on, on Instagram, or Instagram, like 23,000, YouTube, I mean, it's like 300, so like YouTube doesn't like.


@45:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, so, uh, I wouldn't do either, if I'm being honest, until you have enough case studies, and you feel like you're bombarding them with client, or like, content that they don't even want to watch.
Like, I had too many case studies to where I was like, bro, if I posted this on the main channel, I would feel bad, because I would just dilute my brand, you know what I mean?
So when, when you kind of feel that feeling. then you can create one. But again, I wouldn't stress about doing it too early or doing it too late.
You'll know when the time is right and you feel like, man, I'm just disturbing my audience. feel kind of bad giving them eight interviews in a week, you know?
Clients are killing it, but damn, like, they don't care that much, you know what I mean? You got to understand from their perspective.
But that's what I'm saying. All right, cool. Andrew, what's up, man?


@46:26 - Andrew Wilkes
It's more kind of like what you said about kind of making like the evergreen thing where if one question is asked by a client, probably other clients or new clients are going to have the same question.
Can I tell you what I'm doing right now to solve that and then see what your input is? So basically what I do is when I'm on one-on-ones right now, because I'm trying to, I'm basically trying to get on like, I already structured my week with like, I do three team calls.
Now we just cut it down to one team call with me and then my CSM and my partner. Do two to each and then I do one and then our team, our one-on-one calls are now pod calls.
Where we run like, we put them in like, groups of like, three to seven clients who are all in the same niche, same ICP kind of thing.
We run them that way. We find it's way better that way. And then they build a bond and then they practice sales calls together.
But what I've been doing is when I get questions from them, I instantly just click tele and I go, ask that question again.
They ask it again. And I just go bang and I explain and I kind of just like break it down that way in like a five to 10 minute video and add it to our course that goes for everybody, like our notion for everybody.
Is there a better way to do that? Or is that kind of like a solid kind of trajectory for that?


@47:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think it's a really good foundation. think it's really smart the way that you have it set up. But one thing I would do different is I would spend more time actually building that out.
And instead of answering a specific question in each video, I would have a list of questions in a similar niche, compile them up, build documents, and then film at one shot.
And then also have a doc because it can be very tedious for people to kind of find, and all like
You know, that's so specific of a question, so people would skip past that, but if you have all of those frequently asked questions in a niche that is all kind of similar in topic, that would crush.
So one thing I would do, and one thing that we're rolling out, let's say appointment setting, you know, all the FAQs and all the most frequently asked questions, we have an FAQ section at the end of the videos, after all the topics are covered, where George just answers everything.
Same thing for content, what are the FAQs and what are the most commonly asked questions? We have it all in one document, and we just answer, answer, answer, answer.
So now it's a much more easy to consume video, and it's not like they get bombarded when they join, they have like 250 videos to watch.
It's like, no, it's like 40, you know, so it's less overwhelming. It looks like less work, but it's just structured better.
That's what I would do, okay?


@48:50 - Andrew Wilkes
Okay, so right now we have like on our thing that we have like a search bar in each category where they can search and it goes through, but that's, I like that.
That's smart. I'm going to write that down. I would do that.


@49:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
then, yeah, just keep doing what you're doing, man. Don't fix it if it's not broken. So, that fulfillment model sounds sick.


@49:06 - Andrew Wilkes
Thank you. But we're working on it. Appreciate it. Let's do it.


@49:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, Kennedy, what's up?


@49:12 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, uh, my question was, you, one of the levers that you pulled was, like, an immense amount of proof.
Um, if you're in a position where you're transitioning from B2C to B2B, but also, like, um, are just working on those testimonials, what is something that you can do to be able to display, I guess, your expertise in a way, or to make up for that?
Like, obviously, it's not going to make up for it completely, but, like, to get the level of clients that you want to achieve, you don't have those, like, it's more of, like, getting someone from 0 to 15K, you know what I mean?


@49:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Or, like, 0 to 10K. How do you, what can you do, I guess, in my situation? The only thing you can really do is just show more competence.
So, proof will naturally come as you run a business longer, and you... Sign more clients and, you know, they get more results, all of that.
But the best thing that you can do is find formats where you show the most competence. And my favorite, I can tell you guys hands down, the format that I rip that's got me the most clients is sit-down one-on-one client breakdowns, hands down.
Now, again, this only works if you're really good at what you do and you have information that, you know, people don't really talk about online.
If you're mediocre at what you do and you do it and you don't get any inbounds, you know why.
Your value that you're teaching and you're coaching is probably just not that good, right? And so I can tell you every time we do one of those videos, get like three, minimum three highly qualified inbound bookings.
And the reason why is because it's not showing any proof, right? But it's showing competence because I'm doing it live and you can't fix something that's being done live when there's a person across the table.
So a format like that where it's kind of like, I wouldn't say intense, but I'm confronting a client on what they're doing wrong in their business and how to structure it the right way.
First of all, naturally, it's entertaining. ... because we're solving problems together. And second off, it shows so much confidence and so much authority because I'm coaching someone live.
And third thing, if you do it well, and you show a client interview after, like three months after that specific breakdown, can you imagine the leverage that you have?
So Alessio and Brian, they joined at 30 to 40K a month. We had that one-on-one breakdown. think a lot of you guys watched that video.
A lot of you loved it, right? And so many people really with that video. And then now, like this week, we're going to post a client interview where they 5X their business.
And we're going to always, throughout the edit, throughout that YouTube client interview, we have specific moments and points where we tie it back to the one-on-one breakdown that we talked about on price increase.
How did that work for you? And it's almost like we're looking back at the strategy that I gave them and asking them if it worked.
What could they possibly say? To stop them from working with you now? I think about a format like that, you got to think so long term.
And so a one on one breakdown in the three month client interview with that, referencing that one on one breakdown and the specific strategies, my goodness, I can tell you right now, probably going to sign 10 qualified clients from it.
We're minimum making six figures from that video, because of the way I positioned it. And I knew that when I filmed the one on one breakdown.
So you got to understand, like, how do you play the long term game? How do you show so much proof and confidence that you are amazing in what you're How That's a great format that you, every single one of you can rip.
Every single one of you. Okay.


@52:35 - Kennedy Davis
Okay, cool. Do you think that with that, okay, so my mom just joined my coaching program. Do you think if I, yeah, do you think if I, like, displayed that, that that would, like, would that lose credibility just because it's my mom, you know what I mean?
Or it's kind of like, it would be a good something to rip? Like, I would try just as client for now.


@52:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
now. Yeah, I would just try a client for now, see how that goes, and then if it does well, then you can, because I don't know how the dynamic would work, because you guys are obviously really close, you know, maybe joking around and stuff.
So just try a regular client for now, because that's proven to work.


@53:16 - Kennedy Davis
And then if you see, if you see it working, I don't see why not. For sure. For sure. Appreciate it.


@53:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. Cool. Anything else, guys? You guys are okay. Go ahead. I'd ask something if there's room for you.
Of course. Of course.


@53:37 - Max
So just for context for everybody to understand. So most of the guys I work with, they're working in big companies, right?
And a client interview will go into a lot of depth on what happens during coaching. And the big companies, they don't really like if there's public access to what happens inside these coachings.
And so. So in this area, I'm restricted in terms of client interviews. And what I plan to do as a workaround is to interview my partners on what we do with these clients.
For example, like you said earlier, you would ask people on like, how did you get into fitness? Yeah, if I'm, if I can't talk to a big four director, who's my client, I can still talk to a big four director, who's my partner and coaching these clients, right?
And have them talk about, okay, what type of topics does life at the top not fix? Because they make a lot of money, but obviously everybody also guys with lots of money have problems.


@54:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. And that was my idea of working around that.


@54:41 - Max
But I just wanted to have some feedback on what you think.


@54:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think that's really good. Yeah. I mean, with yours is obviously going to naturally be trickier because of, you know, I mean, working with corporate companies, man, you know, they don't want their stuff getting leaked.
So individuals is just naturally easier, but yeah, that's a good workaround. You could do. A few Myra breakdowns don't specify any companies, but you can essentially just kind of like work your way around it.
I do Myra board breakdowns where you say you work with these companies, and this is a overview of a system that they kind of implement that gets some results, but you don't, you don't say like, oh, it's just one company doing it.
You say like, oh, my 10 companies I work with, they all implement something similar.


@55:22 - Max
Hmm. All right. Thank you. Of course.


@55:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. Beautiful, guys. Yeah, I hope you guys found value. hope you guys kind of see what this is all about.
Wednesday calls are the ones where we always have presentations, and Friday, we're going to implement everything. So what we're going to do on Friday, I'm going to take a look at what you guys are doing specifically in your personal brand.
So come to the call, ready with some content reviews. We'll do a few content reviews, do a few script reviews, all of that.
And yeah, if you guys have any fulfillment questions, if have any mindset questions, feel free to come to the call on Friday.
It's all Q&A, super personalized advice. And hope you guys good one. Had a good time on this call. Hope you guys got value.
I'll see you guys on Friday. right.


@56:03 - Fynn Lühdorff
Take care. Awesome.


@56:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
you.


@56:05 - Max
Take care, guys.


@56:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
See ya. Thank you.


@56:07 - Kennedy Davis
Thank you, brother.


@56:08 - nigeldaley
Thank you, man.


@56:09 - Jakob Schnitzler
Peace, peace.


Friday - Q&A call  - March 06
Friday - Q&A call  - March 06


VIEW RECORDING - 58 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So now the tournament's popping up, I'm trying to join as many as I can, because, bro, I don't think I'm going to play competitive after I graduate, so just getting as much, getting as many reps as I can.
100%, enjoy it while you can, bro.


@0:14 - Andrew @drutransforms
Yeah, for real.


@0:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How's everything on your side, though? You been all good? Yeah, good.


@0:19 - Andrew @drutransforms
I had a call with Kim yesterday, went really well, so I'm just dialing everything in right now.


@0:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Fire, fire, fire. Cool. Finn, how you doing, bro? Doing well.


@0:31 - Fynn Lühdorff
My flight to Germany just got canceled for safety reasons, so...


@0:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I was just about to say, you're stuck in Dubai, huh? I'm really stuck now.


@0:39 - Fynn Lühdorff
In my mind, I was free, and then I booked a call, like a flight, and now I'm really stuck, so, yeah.


@0:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Wait, so how's it like over there? You're just staying in your crib, nothing's happened, all the malls are closed and , or what?


@0:53 - Fynn Lühdorff
No, no, no. Everything is, like, going normal, but, you know, like, you see the missiles flying, and then you're like, , this is actually real.
I know. Wait, wait, wait, so you just like look out the window, you see missiles flying and ? Not, not always, but yesterday I had some, and the day before, so, yeah.


@1:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Is that, bro, you're like in a movie, bro, it's actually like a movie.


@1:13 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, I mean, it's surreal, like, I don't know how to deal with that, yeah. that, bro, that, you're actually playing.


@1:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I know one of my friends, one of my friends, Eamon Arab, I'm sure you know him as well, he lives in Dubai.


@1:25 - Fynn Lühdorff
Ah, yeah, yeah. Bro, like, he literally ordered a PS5, then he started playing Black Ops 3, Call of Duty.
Yeah, I mean, actually, it's so, you know, but in the back of your mind, you're like, what if?


@1:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, yeah. That's funny, bro. You escaped Europe to go into a war zone, man, it's cucked.


@1:48 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah.


@1:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. June, how you, bro? You all good?


@1:54 - Jun Nam
I'm good, how are you? Chillin', how's school?


@1:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Dude, it's killing me.


@2:00 - Jun Nam
It's bro. It's killing me.


@2:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I have, I have like six weeks left until I graduate and then I'm like, I'm free from it. Yeah.


@2:05 - Jun Nam
But right now though, it's like killing me. You just gotta thug it out, huh?


@2:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@2:11 - Jun Nam
Six weeks, six weeks, thug it out.


@2:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Right up, bro. I think I only have like, I have like three weeks and then I'm done. So.
Oh, for real?


@2:19 - Jun Nam
Yeah. Yeah. And graduating, graduating or? I'm graduating in July, but I don't have any exams.


@2:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So yeah. That's it.


@2:28 - Jun Nam
Bye. Bye.


@2:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, guys, I'm excited to run this call. mean, this is going to be a regular Q&A. I don't want it to be anything crazy.
I'm going to answer your guys' questions in detail. Take it from there. And yeah. First come, first serve. For whoever wants to ask a question first, feel free to, and we'll get it going.
Pedro, what's up?


@2:49 - Pedro Oliveira
What up? Can you hear me okay? Yeah. So, my father just charred. I mean, he didn't even come. He anything, like, he literally, it's like, I paid him yesterday, and, and then, like, this morning, he was like, hey, bro, I appreciate the opportunity, like, he literally decided to buy, like, on a voicemail, and I'm like, what the hell, you know, and, like, he said he was all in, he said he wanted to get rich, he said he wanted to do all those things, I guess we didn't have, like, as much results as we expected in, like, February, because the new offer didn't, you know, didn't take off yet, but still, like, I just don't understand, and, like, I showed him the mission last week as well, like, you know, the thing that you mentioned, show the mission and stuff, yeah, I don't know, I, I, my main question is, like, how, how would you approach that?


@3:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, how much did he make, how much did he make last month?


@3:46 - Pedro Oliveira
Not a lot, like, 400, 500.


@3:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so, you can say, you can do everything right, you can tell him the mission, you can have the best management, you can have the best, you know, morale, you can boost him, can motivate him, you can And, like,
Get all inspired, get them all hyped up, but if he makes 500 in that month, bro, it's all useless, you know what I mean, like all of that mission, like that's why I say, but before you guys even do all the hiring, don't waste your time doing it, if your business is not in a position to help the setter make at least like 2k a month, like that's the main thing, because 2k a month is basically minimum wage in a lot of places, right, and so if you're getting them to make below minimum wage, that's a problem, so you can do all the morale, all the mission, all the inspiring stuff, and all of this, but guys, if you don't have the, if you don't have the capacity to pay your editor, or pay your setter the amount that they want to get paid, no amount of team management will save that, because the core problem is that, bro, he's not making any money on the offer, so I can't even, like, you can do everything right, but you can't even blame the guy, because if you, if you put yourself in that situation, you'd probably do the same thing,
So, it's just a learning lesson, man. Like, a lot of times we try to skip the corners and we aim for shortcuts and we try to get to our position faster because we don't want to do the hard work.
But sometimes you just got to thug it out. I had a setter until I was making 30k a month and then I hired a setter.
You know, so, especially if it's a new offer, like, how can you expect the setter to stay around when there's so many variables that are not dialed in?
Like, the content isn't dialed in, this part isn't dialed in, like nothing. So, when the setter hops on the offer and he's busting his every single day trying to do it and nothing is clicking, bro, I'd be, I'd churn as well.
So, instead of being disappointed, like, ask yourself, like, why did it even happen? How can I make sure that doesn't happen again?
The short answer is, do it yourself first. Establish a business and dial in aspects of a business until you are ready to hire one and then hire when you're ready, okay?
You're muted, you're muted.


@6:02 - Pedro Oliveira
Thank you. Yeah.


@6:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's just the harsh reality some of you guys got to hear. You guys probably think it was, oh, what can I do with the management side?
What you can do with the management side is just provide a better opportunity for the setter and the editor overall.
That's how they don't churn. My setters don't churn. They only promote to the next level. They only become a setter manager already closer.
They don't churn. Because what offer? But yeah, they're pulling 10K, bro. That's what I mean. So y'all got to understand that the most important thing is going to be the OTE, like how much you're going to actually make on that offer.
And then, like, what is the culture? What is the growth pattern? If don't see it, they won't stick around.
Okay. So I hope that makes sense to all of you. Jacob, what's up?


@6:48 - Jakob Schnitzler
What's up, man? So one specific question for me is, like, my biggest objection is just a money objection, obviously, working with younger guys.
And everything. So I have, like. Tons of leads, but it all comes down to the same thing, money, money, money, with most of them.
So, first, I think it's a positioning content, probably, most likely. And I would say, how would you kind of position it?
And one question, right around that, I saw yesterday, the interview with you and Hans was sick. But, like, he made his VSL, basically, this, like, I signed X amount in clients by investing 90K in the U.S.
And I was thinking about, like, doing, like, this, kind of a VSL for myself. I don't know. Wanted to hear your thoughts on it.


@7:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, the main thing I'd say for you is don't overcomplicate it. For those that don't know, Hans is one of my clients, absolute killer.
He went from 70K to 165K a month in 30 days. Now, the way that he did it was he was in the French market.
So, I told him, why don't you just, like, okay, how much have you invested? You know, he said 90K.
It was like, I would do a positioning and an angle where it's like, I invested 90K into U.S. systems.
So implement it to the French market, so you don't have to, and here are the results, and so it's like a new thing, now Jacob, for you, it's like, it's literally as simple as getting your, getting the, those high school students to show up to the call with their parents, that's all you have to do, in my head, you know, because like, bro, you can't like, you can't find a qualified high school kid, you know, like, the qualified high school kid is the, is the high school kid with the parent, by the side, because the parent will pay whatever to make their son happy, make their kid happy, you know, so you have to understand, like, you're not playing the same game as everyone else, you just have to do something that nobody else, nobody else has done, which is getting their parents on the call, because they're the ones that are financially stable, so the question for you should be, how do you make the sales process smoother, in the sense where every time you're getting on a sales call, it's this, it's the kid and the parent, so that they can make the agreement, if that makes sense.
Yeah, perfect, yeah, that has,


@9:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
It's been a lot better, like, for example, three out of my last, like, closes I had last month were with the parents, and one was, like, with the college player, but that kind of leads me to my second question, like, two of the calls, or, like, two of the closes I had last month was actually parents reaching out, referring me to their kid, then getting us on a call, so my question is, how do you feel about making specific content just for the parents?


@9:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't see why not, man. I don't see why not, because, like, the kid is a, no kid would sit, like, the person that you have to understand, like, who are you trying to convince?
The hardest person to convince is the parent, right?


@9:39 - Jakob Schnitzler
The kid is easy to convince, because they're not paying .


@9:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, they're just chilling, you know what I mean? They get a program for free, all of that. So, you gotta understand, like, the kids are already bought in.
So, the parent's the one that makes this decision. I would split test, like, a reel every other day, targeted towards parents to see how that goes, because now you have to realize, like...
Um, now you have to realize that that's where the money is, bro. Like that's literally where the money is.
And so instead of trying to target highly qualified high school kids, just talk to the parents, talk to the people that have the wallets and the credit card and see how that responds.
And you can do market research with the people that just bought from you, ask them what specific content pieces got them to want to reach out and take it from there.
I think if you do that, that'll, that'll help you 100%, you know?


@10:27 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, perfect. But in general would like, because some of my clients do pay themselves, even when they're in high school, because like what I offer them is like, I mean, just 500 a month, and then over the span of six months with a down payment, comes down to the same.
But the main question is that kind of, should I also move a little bit into the positioning because I did invest over 20k myself and like agencies and all that throughout my career to also use that leverage that?
I don't see why you wouldn't try it.


@10:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I've tried all the different positionings and that one stuck for him, for Hans. Try it, you know, like. Like, we're in a playground where you can just test, test, test, and see what works, you know, but I would ask your clients if they would resonate with that first.


@11:07 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, perfect. Yeah, well.


@11:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, that's what I would do. Right, thank you.


@11:11 - Jakob Schnitzler
So, yeah, that should help out a lot.


@11:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Implement that, we should be good to go.


@11:16 - Jakob Schnitzler
Perfect. I'll give you an example for positioning, right?


@11:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Guys, let me know what you guys think about this. Quick raise of hands, you know, for everyone that has a camera on.
How many of you believe that if you solve the concept problem, you could hit your revenue goals? It's a quick raise of hands.
Okay, every single one of you. If I sold the exact same offer, but I only helped with content, would you have bought it?
Some of you are shaking your head, some of you are saying yes. Okay, like, Jacob, why are nodding your head?


@11:48 - Jakob Schnitzler
I mean, because obviously, like, content is my main thing, and if you position it in a way where you say, basically, content is my only bottleneck, and I'm not even thinking about all the other stuff because, I mean, that's…
clearly how people get scammed, because actually, most of people's problem here is appointment setting, and then they fix the content, but their apartment setting is broken, they still can't.


@12:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so I'll tell you what we're potentially doing, and what we're going to test in the market, and you guys are going to see it, okay?
Essentially, we realized that 90%, just like how I did this test, all of you said that you joined because of the content, that was the first initial thing.
No one actually joined because of like, oh, I want to get better at appointment setting. Maybe some of you did, but very few of you, right?
And so if content is the main thing, that could essentially be the front-end offer where we only solve content, and we go super in-depth.
And then after we solve the content problem, you have a ton of leadful, you have a ton of qualified leads, now the next problem comes up, which is appointment setting, because now you don't know how to convert the leads.
So now we could actually separate content offers as a front-end, and then appointment setting and sales as the back-end.
Instead of selling it as one package, it's... Two different offers, and we're solving them in detail, right? So you always wanna play around because the perspective that I realize on why we're actually losing a bunch of cash on our side, we are positioned as generalists.
Sophisticated buyers do not actually like generalists, they like specialists. And so you guys probably think that I'm a specialist in the content side of things, but if I only helped you with content, then you know that I'd be specialized in that field, you know?
And so it all comes down to the positioning and all the way that you package it. We're gonna test this format and see how it runs, but what I want you guys to do, every single one of you, if you guys could fill this out, this would be perfect, this would mean a lot to me.
Fill this out, and then I'm gonna go over this at the end of the call, and I'm gonna prove my point and show you guys exactly how we're gonna change the positioning, and we're gonna take it from there.
if you guys, while I'm answering... Jun's question, if you guys can fill this out, every single one of you, that would be perfect, okay, and we're going to, we're going to solve this, we're going to solve this together, and I'll show you guys exactly what is my positioning, okay, but Jacob, does that kind of answer your question, brother?


@14:15 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yes, yes, perfect, thank you. Awesome.


@14:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jun, what's up, G?


@14:20 - Jun Nam
Yo, yo, so, couple things, I guess, like I said, just due to, like, my school kind of being really tough right now for the next couple of weeks, and it was for the last two months, that's why, you know, I got the VA, and he was also, like, working as a setter as well, but the thing is, he has not been booking calls, and one reason is, like, like, content and, like, lead flow is an issue, but also, it's also an issue of, like, his language, and he's just not adapting very well, and he has, like, I have hopped on a lot of calls with him, and he does try to join, like, next calls and stuff, going take, like,
But, I don't know, it's just like, he's just not getting it. But also, like I said, it is like lead flow issue as well.
So it's like, I don't know at this point right now, like what I should do, like, do I continue to, you know, make him work, you know, six hours every single day to try to like, just do follow ups and do all of that?
Or do I just kind of like, put him back into like a VA role, until my like lead flow is back, because I have been implementing the things that Aiden has told me to do with content and stuff.
And I have hired a new editor. So I think it will get better, it will get better. But until then, like, do I just keep it the same in terms of like, how many hours my VA or my setter is doing?
Like, what should I do?


@15:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, the question is, does he have enough lead flow to actually book any calls?


@15:52 - Jun Nam
Like, at this point, I feel like it's not enough. Like he, like, he doesn't have to work that, like the hours that he's working right


@16:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So does he have enough lead flow, or no, to booking calls? I would say, at this moment, no.


@16:08 - Jun Nam
At this moment, it's like a bunch, yeah.


@16:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So if he doesn't have enough lead flow, then how can you expect in the booking more calls? Like, it doesn't add up.
So what I would test, because I know it's a bit of a hard one because you're on a time crunch, right?


@16:23 - Jun Nam
That's the whole reason why you hire this guy.


@16:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But the one thing that I'd say is, like, you can test with, like, spending one day trying to book calls yourself.
And if you show that, hey, you booked two calls in a day of setting, then you know it's a setter problem.
You know you just have to do a better job of dialing him in. Because right now, it's like, I mean, we can sit here and say, oh, we can do this, we can do that.
But it's, why don't you just go out there and do it yourself and see what happens? Like, go out, like, what I would do and what I tell everyone to do, you have to lead by example.
So if something's not doing, going the way that you want it to go. We can't sit there and expect something to change if nothing changes.
You have to change something. So the thing that I would change is the expectation, like, hey, I'm, okay, you're not booking any calls, you're working this amount of hours.
I can spend one day, I booked two calls today. Here's what I did differently compared to the conversations that you do.
And then you dissect how we can actually implement the same framework that you're implementing. That's what I would do.
So I would say it's a mix, obviously it's like your lead flow can always be better, I don't think that can be stagnant.
But it also is a match, because if you haven't showed him what you're capable of doing and what your account can do, he's not going to be able to know.
He doesn't know any, he doesn't know best. And that's what happens when you hire, like, hire at the level that you're at.
I kind of warned you of this, but this is what you have to do in order to kind of get out of that rut, if that makes sense.
Yeah. So, like, I do remember, like, last time or a couple of weeks ago or something, you did tell me, like, just get back in the DMs and, like, do it.


@17:58 - Jun Nam
And since then... I did book in, like, calls, and I had way more, like, ICP convos, and, like, I did book in a couple calls, but with him, and, like, I have a book call for, like, next week as well, that I saw that he was, like, a good ICP, and I reached out to him first, and then I just, like, booked him in.


@18:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@18:21 - Jun Nam
So, I did that, but, like, him, it's just, like, the convos that I'm seeing that he's doing, it's just not great.
And, when I look at it, it's just not great. So, it's just, like, I wasn't there for a bit, and, you I did, you know, like, find, like, good ICPs, and I was booking, I did booking a couple calls, but he's just not doing that.
So, you're just not training him good enough, then.


@18:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're not transferring the skill set. a management issue. So, what I would do if I were you, I would watch the team management protocol videos again.
You can also see, like, what you're doing on your side, but, like, I want you to understand that. You're the real.
The why your setter isn't booking any calls, we could sit here and say it's the lead flow, but if you already did that, it's a management problem, you haven't transferred your skill set over to him, and he doesn't understand the same process as well as you do, so you got to like kind of handhold him in that process and do it almost like daily calls, I'd say, for the next seven days, and ramp him up, because I don't think you'd properly ramp him up, which is a problem as to why he's not booking enough calls.
I would do a seven day wrap up onboarding sequence and see how it goes.


@19:27 - Jun Nam
Okay. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. So it's not like, don't like, you know, decrease our hours or anything, just keep it the same, but just ramp them up better daily calls with that.


@19:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly.


@19:37 - Jun Nam
Yeah. Sounds good. Thank you. Of course, bro. Of course.


@19:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick. Minjay, what's up?


@19:45 - 민제 김
So my question is about like time management. So I've been really dialing in on the DM recently, and I'm really getting better with it, booking at least like one call per day with ICB.
And, yeah, I'm already up, like, 6k for this month, so that's, that's exciting.


@20:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's go.


@20:07 - 민제 김
So how would you, yeah, all thanks to you, man. So, like, how would you allocate your time with, if you knew you had to work on your A plus problem, and, like, compared to, like, your B plus problem?
Because, like, I haven't been dialing in on content, so I feel like I'm falling off just a little bit.


@20:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How would, the question, I mean, correct me if wrong, but the question is, how do you, like, prioritize the main problem you have while having other problems at hand, or?
Yeah. Well, first thing you have to realize is that if you properly solve the A plus problem, the B plus problem won't even, probably won't even be there.
So, if I got good enough at content, if I got really good at content, I actually probably won't have the whole setting problem that is happening right now.
Because if my content was good enough, I'd build so much conviction, And so much trust, and so much, you know, belief that I, that what I do is amazing, that the setting process doesn't have to be that dialed in.
So you have to understand, Minjae, for you, it's like, your pain, your ICP's pain point is so big, and so, like, it's so, it's so easy to, like, tap into, that if you do it the right way, you do your content the right way, your setting process doesn't have to be that dialed in.
And that's what people have to understand, it's like, our setting process is good, obviously, you know, because we've been tuning in and fine-tuning it, but that's the secondary problem.
You guys are always looking at the effect, even for you, it's the effect, right? You guys are all looking at the effect.
Oh, how can I, I think sales in itself is obviously a great, great, great skill to master and skill to hone.
I think you guys should still focus on that. But what is the cause? The cause is content. If your content was truly good enough,
You could have a mediocre setter and he'd still be booking two, three calls a day, right? Every single one of us can agree on that.
Every single one of us. And so the cause is the content. Instead of focusing on the B plus problem, like, yes, that's important.
If you truly just focus on one thing at a time, maybe the effect wouldn't even be there. You wouldn't have to solve the setting problem.
So I would go all in on trying to solve just this, which is why we may pivot to what In a standalone content offer to just help people with content.
I think I mentioned like seven things on our one-on-one comment, Jay, that we can improve on, right? On the content side of things like the perception, the background, the clothes you're wearing, the communication, the positioning of your brand, all of these things.
Bro, imagine if I had a full-on, full-fledged video module SOP and guide on how to communicate better, right? How to actually speak with more conviction, how to...
Position yourself in better angles, and, you know, have better backgrounds, all of these things. I generally think that you guys would make more cash, you guys would make more money.
So we may pivot towards that, but to tie back to your question, Minjae, it's all about just like, solve that A-plus thing first.
Don't even look at the B-plus. Because the B-plus may not even exist if you solve the A-plus correctly. Does that make sense?
Yeah, makes sense.


@23:27 - 민제 김
Makes sense, man. Thank you. Cool.


@23:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I hope that helps. Oysin, what's up, brother?


@23:34 - Oisin
Hey, bro. How are things? Good, man.


@23:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good, good, good. I'm excited for a call. You booked for Monday, right?


@23:39 - Oisin
Monday, yeah. Busy, man. And just a quick one on the down sales. Do you guys have anything on that?


@23:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
For what specifically? Just like if someone's not qualified. On the offer itself, budget-wise.


@23:55 - Oisin
Well, give me a bit of context, brother.


@23:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Are people hopping on and they can't afford the full price?


@23:58 - Oisin
So... Yeah. So... I'm We have a lower ticket, but it's also for, or medium ticket, if someone didn't really want to go ahead and invest the full amount, is that more the ICP is, you know, they're not so much our customer, or could we offer them a downside?


@24:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, here's how I look at it. The reason why my cheapest offer is 12, 15K, 15, 16, like, you know, it's around that 12, 18K price point, right?
Like, my cheapest offer is five figures. You guys may be asking, like, why don't you have a four-figure offer for, like, 5K for the people that can't afford it?
If I have a cheaper offer for 5K, I'm essentially telling my sales team that my marketing is not good enough to attract the ICP that is capable of buying this offer at 12 to 18K, that we need to have a 5K offer.
And I'm giving myself a way out. I don't want that. giving you material and information that . That's good, that can appeal to a higher, more sophisticated ICP, that can spend more.
Price is your disqualification protocol. It is the ultimate, like, the way that I look at prices, like your price, that's how much are you, how much are you offering, listen?


@25:16 - Oisin
So right now we're more of a group offer, it's $1,200.


@25:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
$1,200, okay, so I would bump that up 100%, like bump that up like crazy. We'll talk more about that in our one-on-one, but let's say for me, right?
Right now our offer is around $16,000. Our offer is $16,000 right now. $16,000, in my eyes, is the price of accountability.
Because when you pay $16,000, you are going to implement everything that I say. And so when people ask, like, why is your price so expensive?
It's just the price of accountability. It's what you will pay to actually give a about doing the inputs that we tell you to do.
On top of that, I don't want to work with someone that is not capable of paying $16,000. Because what does that say about your level of competence?
started. If you can afford a $16,000 offer, you're competent to implement the things that I can tell you. So why would I want to go lower?
The goal should always be to price higher and higher and higher and increase that. You know what I mean?
Because the moment that you're okay with charging $2,000, $3,000, $4,000, that's when you attract the caliber of client that is just incompetent.
So the way I look at pricing, how can I price according to keeping them accountable, but also price according to their competence level to where they're actually capable of implementing the things that I teach them?
Does that make sense? 100%.


@26:41 - Oisin
So $1.2K, bro, that's a downsell price.


@26:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You got to bump that up to like $4,000 to $5,000, you know what I mean? We'll talk more about that.
But I would say instead of trying to solve a content problem with offering a downsell, just get better content.
Appeal to a more established demographic, and I promise you, you'll make more money, you know what mean?


@27:04 - Oisin
Yeah, and when it comes to actually pricing it, are you pricing based off, so let's say we have, you know, or like an ICP, and it's one guy has a bit more of a budget, one guy has an okay budget, would you base the offer based off their budget, or would you just keep it one?


@27:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, I don't see, I mean, if I'm being honest, that we only have like, we've kind of just nailed it down to one offer, I think having, having two, three offers is cool, but in my, in my eyes, if I, if I only have one offer, forces my marketing to be that good.
And so, you guys got to stop looking for like, temporary solutions to long-term problems, because if you have, let's say you have a 1.2k offer, and you're even considering like a down sell, like, why would you even want to work with a caliber of client like that?
Would that not drive you crazy? For me, it would drive me crazy, no?


@28:01 - Oisin
See, there is a problem with it, right? So a lot of our guys that we work with can be in the younger side of things, but they don't have access to that capital.
They might still be in school, but that doesn't mean we had a guy who's 16 and he's pushing 2,000 year old days in revenue with e-commerce.
Now he wouldn't have been able to get in at a higher price point because he doesn't have access to those funds, but yet he was still able to actually put in the work and actually get those.


@28:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But I would argue that you're not running a charity at the end of the day, you're running a business.
So if he doesn't have those funds, you know, like, no worries, you know, like, get those funds. And the thing is, why don't you position yourself as someone that's a premium to where people will save up to spend 4 or 5k with you instead of getting them only at 1k?
People will find a way to get, yeah, like Andrew said, Andrew took it right out of my, right out of my mouth.
People will find a way to get the funds if they want it bad enough, man. I'm positioning it. It's just with the content.


@28:57 - Oisin
Exactly.


@28:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Exactly.


@28:59 - Oisin
So


@29:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I'm going to break a lot of limiting beliefs for you. I love that question. And so for me, it's just like, how can you build enough, how can you build good enough content to attract a more sophisticated ICP that people that don't have the funds will save up enough to buy your program eventually?
I've had people in the pipeline for like years, and then they bought it when they had the money. That's who I want to work with.
I don't want to work with someone just because they have money and they can implement. It doesn't matter. I'm running a business at the end of the day, not a charity, you know?


@29:31 - Oisin
I appreciate you. Thanks. Of course.


@29:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Aaron, what's up, brother?


@29:38 - Aaran A
Hey, man. When we were in London, remember, you asked me, what were you doing in your best friend's life?
I was like, I need you to send now. I like, I stopped. And you're like, why? Long story short, my mom, I've hired her and I'm paying her a salary to send outbounds.
And then within like a week, she paid herself off for the year, which is awesome. And in the last 48 hours, sales call coming up, the guy's at 1.1 million followers, another one, you save a million followers, another guy later on, stay at 45k followers, so I just wanted to share that result, like, immediately, just going back to what worked, has paid 10 times, and I'm helping my mum, which is, like, awesome, so I just wanted to share that.
Do you think that's maybe, like, a concept handle, or not, or maybe best to avoid that, it's like, if people are looking at my profile, there's a video, like, oh yeah, my mum's doing my DMs, I don't know what your thoughts are on that.


@30:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I wouldn't say that she's specifically in the, in the business, like, her role, but I would say that you, you allowed her to make an income through your business, but you want to specify which one, you know, so it's all about positioning the packaging, I think that's, well, that's super cool, you know, that that happened, and very happy for you, but just position it in a way where it's, you're not giving that much detail, and you're leaving a bit of details out, right, but you're still conveying that message that, hey, you're a strong guy on values and morals and stuff.
So, yeah, but good stuff, bro, that's sick. Yeah, it's really cool.


@31:04 - Aaran A
Yeah, no, I appreciate it. I wanted to share that. So, thank you. That was everything.


@31:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Love it, man. Love it. Julian, what's up, brother? Yo, so, I have a question about upsells. When do you think is, like, the best time to go about it?


@31:17 - Jun Nam
Because a lot of clients that I have right now, they join my six-month offer. And, you know, some of them, they're, like, through three months, four months, you know, and they've lost, like, a good amount of weight.
They've been making good progress. So, I'm, like, thinking, do I wait until the very end for the upsell? Or I have seen people say, like, do it, you know, when they're, like, you know, doing well and the momentum is building up.
That's when you should do it. So, like, what are your thoughts on that? And how should I go about it?


@31:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's the last part, if you don't mind me asking again?


@31:48 - Jun Nam
So, like, how should I go about, like, because they've been in the program for three months-ish. You know, they've been, you know, losing weight.
They're doing well. Do I wait? Do I, can I, can I upsell? Can now? Or should I wait until the six months is over and then be like, okay?


@32:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Don't wait, don't wait, don't wait, don't wait. Because when you wait, you essentially, like, I learned this the other day because I was reading, like, I am so upset.
I'm in a phase of life where I'm just reading and consuming as much information as I can because I know that that'll compound and it'll build, it'll allow me to say things that nobody else is saying in their content.
And one thing that I recently learned is that you have to pay attention to when someone has a dopamine spike.
So I'll give you an example. Let's say someone, let's say one of you hits 100K a Let's say June, hit 100K a month, right?
If you hit 100K a month, how are you going to feel?


@32:44 - Jun Nam
Amazing. Amazing. What else?


@32:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Give me, like, five words.


@32:49 - Jun Nam
Great, happy, ecstatic, proud. All of these things, right?


@32:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Happy, fulfilled, all of these, all of these great things. Okay. So you're happy, you're satisfied, all of that, okay, but then now, if I hopped on a call with you, and I was like, Jun, we've gotten you this result, we've gotten you to $100,000 a month, the next problem you're gonna face is gonna be fulfillment, now before we even face that problem, I wanna solve it before you even face that problem, so that we can continue making this money, would you wanna explore how we can help, like, have you on a separate offer, that solves the fulfillment, so that we can have this problem solved before it even comes up, what would you say?
I'd say yeah. You'd probably be like, yeah, I mean, it makes sense, you've already made me this amount, it makes sense, boom, so it's a natural essential.
So, you have to, like, when people are experiencing something good, you wanna find the next problem that they're facing, that is gonna stop them from achieving the outcome even more, so that you prevent that problem, and you sell them on that time.
Because people make decisions, you have to understand human psychology, when, the easiest time to get someone to say yes is when they're happy,


@34:00 - Jun Nam
Yeah. They hit a record month and all that.


@34:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And you can essentially pre-frame and pre, like, almost frame the next problem that's going to come up as like, hey, this problem is going to come up, I know because I've gone through it.
Let me solve that problem for you before it comes up so you can maintain this momentum and keep on scaling.


@34:18 - Jun Nam
Okay. That's the position you have to have.


@34:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And so for you, like, let's say someone lost five pounds, you know, you can be like, you know, super happy, whatever, know, like record low, low weight.
Now the hard part is going to be integrating this in your entire holiday, into your entire year, entire year round.
Yeah. So now I want to solve that for you. Would you be open to hopping on a call and discussing how we can work together for a year to make sure that that problem doesn't come up?
Boom. Okay.


@34:46 - Jun Nam
So find the time where they're super, super, super happy with their result and take it from them.


@34:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. Okay. Sounds good.


@34:55 - Jun Nam
Sounds good. Thank you. Awesome.


@34:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And that goes for every single one of you. Like there shouldn't just be like. Like one thing, you know, like you guys have to make yourself realize there's going to like, what is that?
What are the problems that your clients are going to want to solve? And so your offer should only solve one problem at a time.
One problem at a time. And then from there, you can like, come up with upsells, come up with different things.
So I'll tell you guys what the plan is. Essentially, okay, every single one of you has a book call problem.
If I help you book a ton of calls, what's the next problem after that? Okay, maybe I don't know how to convert these sales.
So maybe it's the content first, lead flow, and then booking calls. And then it's fulfillment. These could be three separate offers.
So think about your ICP. What is the, what is the problem that they're trying to solve? And how can you package an offer around that for the next problem that they want to solve?
You know, and the thing is, like, it doesn't have to be like a crazy new problem. It could be just...
Maintaining, like, longevity. So, Jun, in your situation, could be just, like, helping them for a year, you know? Helping them with, like, holiday plans and stuff, and coming up with problems that they would have faced if it wasn't for you, you know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah.


@36:16 - Jun Nam
Cool.


@36:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm probably justifying it in my own head and stuff, but I've done a lot of research, so... Yeah, we'll go over the forum in a bit as well.
I'd be super interested to get you guys' insights. But, Oysen, what's up? Another one.


@36:33 - Oisin
Just with the actual upsells, so, how we structure everything is we have, you know, beginners come in and actually make, you know, money with e-commerce.
But, what happened, so, we were doing a bit more, like, a more advanced, we were doing, like, a profit check kind of thing for the guys who are actually starting to make sales.
So, we'd have them scale them from 1 to 10k days, whatever it was. But it wasn't very scalable, because it took a lot of my time.


@36:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. So, would we move...


@37:00 - Oisin
If more into kind of a group aspect, do you think you should still continue with the, you know, the tighter one-to-one, charge more for it?
What kind of structure would you do with it?


@37:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, it depends what route you want to go. I don't like, I don't see why you can't double down on just like a premium group coaching that's around four to four to six K, and then have a one-on-one that's around seven to eight.
I don't see why you can't do that, you know? So, Kim will, have you helped on with Kim yet or not yet?


@37:36 - Oisin
I'm with her in the next two hours.


@37:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, she'll literally answer that question for you, and you'll be able to kind of brainstorm that. But after that call-up, Kim, you'll have full clarity on what you got to do, okay?
Appreciate you. Also, bro, where are you from? Is it Irish? I'm from Ireland, but my mom, she speaks Chinese, so I'm half-half.


@37:55 - Oisin
Okay, okay, okay. Where do you live, bro?


@37:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Where do you live? I'm also right here in Dubai at home.


@38:01 - Oisin
Oh no, you're stuck there.


@38:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm stuck as well. Bro, do you know Oz by chance? Oz?


@38:08 - Oisin
Oz. Oz who? Oz Deniz Kuyen?


@38:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No.


@38:13 - Oisin
No? Okay, I'll send you his Instagram, but he's exactly what, he looks exactly like, I thought you got some brothers at first.


@38:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Chinese, Irish, and he's, I think he's living in America, but I'll send you his Instagram, bro, you guys look very, very similar, you guys should connect, he's a- Where's he from?
He's from Ireland, he's Chinese-Irish as well. As well.


@38:30 - Oisin
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so.


@38:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What he do, what does he do? He does, bro, he works for Hormozy, he's in acquisition.com, so he's a, he's a sales rep for Hormozy, which is sick.
That's sick, yes.


@38:40 - Oisin
I'll connect you with him.


@38:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's good.


@38:43 - Oisin
Because your accent sounded too familiar, man, I was like, yeah, I figured it out.


@38:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick. Jacob, what's up? What's up?


@38:52 - Jakob Schnitzler
So, my question towards, like, the offer in general, and, and, and the upsells, right now, I'm offering basically from, like, mindset, that.
Nutrition, training, like everything, like the whole package, basically the whole package system around them. So, I mean, obviously like the players love it, but my question is thinking about like upsells and thinking about just focusing on one offer, you just said, kind of what's your take on that within like the fitness industry or like what I do, if I should just focus on mindset or just focus on then basically upsell them into something else?


@39:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Um, I mean, the ultimate outcome that they want is to get into a D1 college, right, for football.


@39:35 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah.


@39:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, the thing is, it's like, you got to ask yourself like, what is the one thing that you can do?
Like, if you had to do just one thing in the program, what is it that you can do to get them to that level?
Mindset.


@39:48 - Jakob Schnitzler
Mindset. Yeah, like, like understanding how to deal with pressure and like confidence issues, all that, like how to have a bulletproof mind.
Okay, how to have a bulletproof mind.


@39:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, like basically near.


@40:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
Fathom or soccer players? Yeah.


@40:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I would, the thing is, like, I wouldn't tweak your offer right now because you've already seen success with it, so keep on running this, but you will start to see, like, pay attention to what problems your clients are facing the moment that they join your program and all of these things, because usually you can pinpoint two to three different problems.
I'll give you an example, like, for me, I'm going to use my example because it's just easy. The biggest problem that every single one of you struggle with is lead flow, qualified lead flow.
Every single one of you struggle with that. If I solve that, okay, now you have a conversion problem because now you've got to book calls.
And if I solve that, then you have a fulfillment issue. So right there, that's three offers, right? That's three different offers that I can cook up that could be separate.
And right now, like, Consulting Mastery is covering these two. It's covering the lead flow and it's also covering the conversion.
It's not covering anything to do with fulfillment. The high level guys that already solved this stuff will eventually have an offer for fulfillment where we dial that in as well.
But that's what you've got to think about. I wouldn't stress too much about it, Jacob, because that's not the A-plus problem for you.
It's only going to be an A-plus problem once you're consistent at 30k months, and LTV is going to be a big thing for you.
So for now, I wouldn't worry about it too much. Just keep that in the back of your mind and just kind of go back and forth with yourself and see what you can cook up on that side.
Okay?


@41:30 - Jakob Schnitzler
Perfect, thank you. Of course, of course.


@41:34 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But yeah, guys, we can go ahead and look at some of the stuff that you guys written out. I appreciate you guys for those that filled it out, seriously.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
But okay, so off of that, we can see that getting better at sales to convert more clients is a one.
Now, obviously, it's a small sample size, but that means that appointment setting and sales is not actually a huge in-demand delivery.
Deliverable. It's not huge in demand. And so that doesn't serve as a front-end offer. It serves more as a back-end offer because if we give you all the lead flow, then you'll know that, okay, conversion now is my problem, right?
So you guys got to understand, like, the same way that I get, I always am asking for feedback and surveys and all of this, you need to ask your clients as well.
If we're going stand on an offer that will only fix your content so you become an industry leader, what would you have bought it?
Please explain why. Someone just said no because I thought that I had content figured out, but after joining, that's when I realized content was actually my A-plus problem.
So I know that if I were to pivot to a content offer, I have to do a better job of making people realize that content is their problem.
I have to make people more problem aware. So how do I do that? I can come up with something like, hey, you should be making a dollar per follower.
And even if you have 20,000 followers, you're not making 20,000, you have a problem with the content because your middle funnel is not dialed in.
So people think just because... Because have a lot of followers means your content is dialed in, but if I make them more problem aware and I come up with something like a dollar per follower system and a metric to use, now that gets people engaged.
Imagine if I said three dollars per follower, you know, now it's like, it's getting you to really think because you're like, oh, I have 20K, I thought my content was good, but he said I should be making 60K based on this metric.
So you see how I'm making your problem aware? You guys got to think about that. Feedback from your program and people in your program is super important.
Yes, if showed how you got 100K through fixing blah, blah, blah, I would have bought. Yeah. Probably not because the main thing of understanding the whole business inside of content.
Yeah, blah, blah. Okay. Yes, because I have huge trust in myself. Yeah. So from what I'm seeing, it's a lot of a positioning thing.
So do you see now how important positioning is in your content? Yeah. Super important, but majority of people are saying yes, majority of people are saying yes, what would that offer need for it to include, to feel like a no brainer, how to build a top of funnel, yeah, okay, this is really good feedback, appreciate it, I guarantee if you had no proof, testimonials, okay, so even like taking, like Wyatt for example, if I were to rip a content offer, taking Wyatt and saying that, with these three content tweaks alone, was able to scale from 7.5 to 105K, now, you associate the success to the content, which it is true, and boom, so you guys get to dictate exactly what your prospects are thinking, at each specific point, it's all about the packaging, the positioning, so these are the specific problems that you guys are facing, some viral formats, you know,
Do you guys see how I'm using the market research and the feedback to analyze how I can position myself in the content now?
It's all strategic, you know what I mean? So if you guys are not getting constant feedback from your clients, what are we doing?
You know, like you're making it harder for yourself. And the only reason I even came up with this, because I asked why, like what was the one thing that moved a needle forward for you?
He said it was pure content. Pure content. And then I asked my other clients, and I asked all my top performing clients, like what is the number one thing that moved a needle?
Content. Obviously appointment setting did help, but do you see how asking allows me to get that feedback to see how I can implement it differently?
Y'all got to do the same thing, okay? And I do think that if we film like a, let me know what you guys are thinking about this as well.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
I'm thinking about creating a whole video module guide on this. So it's your profile foundation. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
What makes you different, find a unique mechanism, first impression, I'm going to go over like fashion, how to like dress better and stuff, you know, like that much detail, showing up on camera, how to communicate better, do you guys think videos and SOPs like this would really help you guys crack content?
Sick. Sick, sick, sick. I guess for you guys, like what videos would you guys specifically want to see? Because I'm going to film some SOPs.
SoPs today, and tomorrow, what specific videos would you guys want to see? You guys can like unmute and let me know.


@46:37 - Fynn Lühdorff
How to articulate better. How to articulate better, okay.


@46:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Anything else, guys?


@46:49 - Andrew @drutransforms
I think one would be mainly the focus on positioning, because you hear like a million different opinions, oh, you should do this, you should do this, you should do this, but then you hear so much feedback, and you're like, all right, now I don't know what what's going on.
Yeah.


@47:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So positioning, how to find your positioning, right? Yeah.


@47:06 - Andrew @drutransforms
Okay. I like that.


@47:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How to find your positioning. Kevin, go ahead. Do have anything about how to properly center yourself in frame and light yourself in your video content?
Hmm. I like that.


@47:20 - Kevin Walton
I like that.


@47:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like lighting and camera quality, right? Yeah. right.


@47:29 - Kevin Walton
Ajani, what's up?


@47:31 - Ajani Burgess
I was going to say how to be efficient with your time when you're shooting so that you can use across different platforms like Instagram, YouTube, just be more effective with your filming.
I like that.


@47:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I like that. Yeah. How to be more effective. So like repurposing, right? Repurposing systems. And so do you see how just like a slight tweak in this.
Just like would exponentially help every single one of you, you know? I have one more, can I throw it in there?


@48:05 - Andrew @drutransforms
Of course, of course. I think also, I don't remember if it was last week or two weeks ago, but kind of how you were saying that your brain is already wired, like speak in a way that's content resonant.
Like whether it's a YouTube video, it's automatically able to be clipped to a short form or like, kind of goes into what Ajani was saying, but like just the mindset to be able to portray your message in a way that's resonant on short form and long form.


@48:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How to train your brain to, um, you know. Speak in content, how to talk.


@48:35 - Andrew @drutransforms
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@48:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Almost like hack the algorithm, something like that, yeah. Yeah, something like that.


@48:41 - Andrew @drutransforms
Jai, got something as well, brother?


@48:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I saw you raise your hand.


@48:45 - Jai
Yeah, was gonna say, is there anything about like thumbnails?


@48:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, yeah, that would be included. That would be included over here. Like thumbnails and titles. That's good. Uh, for the YouTube.
But yeah, like I- I, imagine like one in-depth, full program on just how to build your brand, and then the next one would be all about appointment setting, because like, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, I feel like right now, it is somewhat surface level, because it's like a, a bit of appointment setting, and then a bit of content, but if we just fully focus on just content, would that fully help you guys, do you guys think that that's gonna be the main needle mover, okay, so you guys would be open to like the slight shift, yeah, okay.
Cool, that's good to know, that's good to know, because, I'm cooking something, I think like, everyone is really choosing us for the content, but, because we're solving like two or three problems at once, we're not fully helping you guys solve content, but once we do that, it makes more sense to, for you to get more lead flow, and more qualified leads in that, so, this may be something that we move towards, I'm gonna get cooking on the SOP side of things, and, yeah, this will be really good, this will be really good, I'm excited for you guys to like, at least see it, uh,
Kevin, go ahead.


@50:03 - Kevin Walton
Another thing, too, that would be really good for the video, like your course, is audio quality. A lot of people don't pay attention to how important audio is, because if your audio sounds like a Nintendo DS, we're not watching the video.
It really makes me feel that you got that down, right? I feel that, 100%. A lot of people laughing here.
You got some DS users in here. I love that. I love that.


@50:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But, yeah, I locally feel like just solving, like, one problem and just giving you guys the ability to just generate a ton of leads would help you guys out.
Hella. So, we may pivot into that. And then, yeah. Jay, can you elaborate on that, brother?


@50:50 - Jai
Yeah, I was speaking to a few people who were looking to join your program last week. And they all said that the biggest reason they were looking to do it is because...
Profers of your trust, like, they feel like they trust you in your content, and I also feel like the other people that are trying to do what you do, like your competitors, they don't have that, like, trust level, and I feel like if you said something, if you were trying to go more into the content side, your, like, mechanism, like, you know, if you're on, like, the profile funnel and stuff, like, just anything, you could just, like, really highlight the trust, like, that was just something that kept coming up, I thought I'd just mention it to you, because it would be something that you could, like, really utilize, because you're, like, a trusted, well-known person, you know?
I love that.


@51:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love that. I appreciate that, bro. Yeah, building trust in content and how to resonate with your audience. I think that's a, like, I think if every single one of you, like, just got good at these few things, you know, like the positioning, the trust, the middle funnel, the top funnel, the branding, all of that, the leads will come.
The leads will come, and if anything, it'll make up for the lack of sales process anyways. So, there's going to be a few tweaks to the, to the program.
We'll promote some. I'm going to have like a specific content one, get all of you guys in that one, and so you guys will be like, you guys will basically have a whole free program, you know what I mean?
Like a whole free program, which will be sick, to really dial in the content side of things and just implement from there.
So I'm really excited, really excited to cook up more on the content side of things. Yeah, it's going to be, it's going to be good.
It's going to be good. Any, any other, any other thoughts or questions, opinions? What's up, Sui? I got a quick question for you, bro.


@52:33 - Reyes Abalos
Of course. I've been getting majority of my leads, actually from, from the Instagram stories, from the last coaching session that we did, bro.
So I was just curious, if the story performs really well, I think I got maybe about like 30 people that reached out to me from that one Instagram story sequence.
Would you ever repurpose those as like, as like a carousel? Or would you try to just take maybe that same idea and then package it back into like a reel?


@53:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
100%, bro. If it works on one format, it's probably going to work on the other. So the way that I look at it, it's like, if it works on stories, and people really resonate with that, okay, that's a really, really good topic for Reels, or YouTube, or Carousel.
So 100%, I would do it. I just package it differently according to each format. So, rip it, bro. Okay, cool.


@53:21 - Reyes Abalos
Appreciate you, bro. Of course. Ajani, what's up, man?


@53:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yo, a bit of a personal question.


@53:27 - Ajani Burgess
I remember, I think, a few, maybe last week or so, you mentioned that you might start tracking your time by, like, 30-minute blocks.
Did you ever do that? Yes, I did.


@53:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I'm tracking my, like, today's Friday, so I'm, like, halfway through it. But I'll let you guys know on Sunday, once everything is dialed in.
I'm going to have, like, whole report, and then I'll show it on next Friday's call. It'll be good. Cool, cool.
Cool, cool, cool, cool.


@53:54 - Ajani Burgess
And then the second one was more about, like, the mindset around, like, the... Delay effect of putting in the work in the now versus seeing the result that you want in the future.
And I was just curious if you have a certain framework that you personally like align to, like say you want to get to a million a month and I'm, you know, yeah.


@54:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I think at a certain point you guys have to realize that you have to find so much joy and satisfaction and dopamine from the inputs.
Like, I absolutely loved last month. We didn't hit a record month. We didn't have a crazy month. If anything, was actually pretty slow, I'd say.
But I absolutely loved it. And you can ask my team, like, it was just so satisfying because we were making so many changes that I knew would pay off.
And it is paying off. In March, like, in the last five, six days, we've made like 50K, which is crazy, you know.
And so it's like, at a certain point, you have to understand that the person that, like, your frame of thinking, what I call.
It's good day. It's not how much I make. How much I make is like just a bonus at this point.
You know, my life doesn't change. And for me, if I know that I'm putting in the shift every single day and I'm working on the inputs that are moving the needle forward, I'm happy.
So if I make zero today, but I know damn well we had an amazing group call. I got amazing feedback.
I posted crazy good content. I posted an amazing story. And I did a lot of market research. I know that's going to set me up for tomorrow and I'm happy.
And I think just getting dopamine and getting satisfaction out of the things that you do instead of the money you make is the most important thing.
Obviously, I've been in the game for a very long time, so I've kind of learned that. But if you can learn that, you win.
No matter how much you make, you win. Because now you realize that inputs is what drives satisfaction, not the output.
The output is uncontrollable. The inputs is controllable. So your day should be defined as good based on how much inputs you do.
And it just comes down to being in the game long enough and understanding that, like, if you're doing the work that you need to do and you really left it all out on the floor, the same way you leave it all out on the gym, bro, the muscle doesn't show up the next day, the muscle doesn't show up overnight, but you know, bro, you had a good session.
Same thing with the gym. If you ate all your macros, your meal plan was on point, your diet was on point, and you had an amazing workout where you push yourself to failure every single set, well, you go to sleep knowing, damn well, that was a good day.
Same thing in business. Same thing in business. And then when you see the effect in the, you know, the muscle building the next week or, you know, the next month or the next three months, that's a byproduct.
You already know that's going to happen. So the same way that you got swole, Ajani, is the same way that you're to make money in the business.
That's how it is. You know what I mean? It's a great analogy, man.


@56:54 - Ajani Burgess
If you understand that, like, it's the same, like, if you, if you got ripped, if you were jacked.


@57:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Making money is so easy, because you already know how to do the inputs, you just got to do the right inputs, you know, that's all it is, right?
Appreciate the answer, man. Awesome, awesome, I hope that helps, bro. Yeah, sick, I'll leave it there, guys. I think that's a very important message I just want to leave you all with.
It really is going to take it to a whole new level if you have that mindset and you have that frame of mind, and yeah, just run it.
Andrew, I'm not too sure when it's going to come to fruition. I'm still doing a lot of market research and getting a lot of feedback, but I will roll out new modules and SOPs very, very soon, so it'll be like a gradual release, okay?
Sick. All right, guys, I'll leave you guys with that. Let's go implement. Have a great rest of your weekend and I appreciate you guys showing up on this call, all right?
Take care, guys. Have a good one.


@57:55 - mark siles
Peace.


@57:57 - Kennedy Davis
Thank you.


@57:59 - Jun Nam
Be good. bro.


Content Mastermind 3/5 - March 06
Content Mastermind 3/5 - March 06


VIEW RECORDING - 48 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - Aidan Cordes
Very high quality, very sophisticated, and as a result, that links back to who are we actually targeting with this content.
I mentioned this a bit before when we were talking more about the language we use in the content, but if we've got a really clean background, looks really professional, maybe studio lighting, studio backdrop, we're naturally going to target more of a sophisticated audience.
However, if we're doing a raw talk iPhone video where it looks kind of lazy, it looks pretty chilled, laid back, we're going to target an audience of lower sophistication because that's kind of the vibe that the video gives off.
And the algorithm is going to reward content that behaves a certain way, so we've got to look for how do we actually break this pattern, and how we direct with, you know, who we target through our pattern interrupts.
Sixth one is the CTN to pay off, so how does the video end, and what does it make the viewer do?
Does it end on, like, unresolved tension? So, for example, in the series, like, if you're running a series in your content, you know, follow to see X, Y, Z, does it prompt a strong opinion in the comments?
As I mentioned, anything controversial or negative typically is going to perform a lot better. Why? Because we're driving... We're engagement, we're getting people to comment, we're getting people to share their opinions, and you'll notice everyone on social media has an ego, they all think they know best, so they're going to be in your comments if they disagree with you, like fighting for their point of view, and you're going to have people respond to them and respond to them, and naturally your video is just going to get pushed out more and more and more.
Or does it make you save it, share it or follow? We've all seen the, I mean Kennedy, your video, I think it was 22 Rules, one of those videos where you give a ton of actionable points.
The reason those videos perform so well is because people want to save them. There's so many actionable points, there's so many like dopamine hits with each point of action you give them, that people are like, I have to save this, I have to come back to it.
Regardless if they come back to it or not, they're still going to save it and they're still going to boost in the algorithm.
Same with like sharing it or following, right? If something's controversial or negative, once again, people are going to share it with their friends, they're going to be speaking, they're going to be asking for different opinions, so comments, shares, and follows are all things you guys have control of, and it also comes back to everything we've just gone over.
The language you use, the format you've used. The hooks you're using, the payoff, etc. Seventh thing I want to go over, shareability factor.
So kind of already covered this, but what would make someone forward this to a specific person? Does it say something the viewer wishes they said?
So are we sort of saying what people think, right, and speaking for our viewer? Maybe that's, once again, giving a controversial opinion or going against the grain, right?
Sharing an opinion that might not necessarily be popular within the industry, but people really agree with it. People are just kind of scared to say it.
Or is there like an, I immediately thought of equality to it. So is it something where people can resonate with it a lot, share it with their friends, their friends can resonate with it, and it's more of like a personal element.
Is there a bold claim or, you know, something that the viewer wants to prove or disapprove? Once again, controversy, opinions, right?
Anything that can get people speaking and just spark more and more engagement because shares are the highest leverage action, right?
The most powerful thing in the algorithm is how many times your video gets shared. Like, forget likes, forget comments.
Maybe... Even saves. The reason shares are so valuable to the algorithm is because the whole aim of Instagram is to keep people on the platform, right?
How are they going to do that? By having their videos sent and shown to more and more people. So your attention, how much people watch with your video, and the amount of people it gets shown to are all signals that, okay, we need to push this out to more and more people.
Why? Because it's going to keep people on the platform, they're going to see more ads, we're going to make more money, and people are going to be more engaged.
So the shareability factor is huge. That's like the biggest metric you guys should be looking at in terms of the vanity metrics of like the likes, follows, etc.
If you can get people sharing your content, game over, right? Then the proof layoff. So what makes the viewer believe the creator's claim?
Typically, we're going to be talking here more about like client results and case studies. So is there a visible result shown?
Maybe this is the revenue. For you fitness guys, it could be the physique, it could be the outcome. You know, what do people get working with you or what they're going to get if they complete watching this video?
Is there a specific number, date or metric? used. So a video we're going to go over later is two ways.
It's like 70k story sequence video. We did a video we showed step by step how we create a 70k story sequence.
So linking it back to a number and an outcome really helps it make makes the outcome a lot more attainable for the audience and it makes something they want to implement.
Is there a third party reference? So are we showing a client screenshot or a view? And yeah, then claims about proof are often skipped.
So you've got to think like there's so much noise on Instagram, you actually need to give people a reason to listen to you.
Hence why it's so important that we'll link it back to our client results, link it back to our personal results, and actually showing proof that we've achieved the extra result.
Because if we're not showing proof, they're going to be skipped. They're going to go listen to the next person who's got, you know, the higher number, the better result.
But even like one concrete data point will increase your watch time significantly. And not only are people going to engage your content more, consume it.
This is where we're really going to buy. They're going to buy into you and they're going to transition from, you know, viewers into prospects.
And then the final one I want to go through before we actually break down some videos is the trend layer.
So are we... It's into something culturally timely. Now, for example, we've got like a world war, right, on the horizon, by the looks of it, but things like this, which are really, once again, controversial, but are recent, right, are relevant.
So even big names, this could be within the industry, this could be people like Alex Ramosi, Iman Gadzi, these big names that everyone knows, or it could be something more like celebrity based or people like Donald Trump, right?
These big names, everyone knows, we're tapping into something culturally timely. And this is going to act as a pattern interrupts and really engage our audience.
Does it reference news events, meme, cultural moment, or is it a topic people are actively searching for? So this links back to more about like what problems are you solving within your content?
Because if we can link it back to key problems people are facing in your industry, and obviously this is why it's so important to stay up to date, people are going to be searching for it and people are going to look to you for the answer and to be the provider for the answer.
Because trend aware content always gets distributed with a head start, it's always going to get pushed out more. So super important that you actually tap into what's relevant.
Recycling Old and Past Topics, but I want to jump into how we actually reverse engineer viral videos, so we're going to follow the same framework I've just gone through, and we're going to break down three videos, a couple of your guys' videos in there as well.
Before we do that, any questions on what I've just gone through from anyone?


@6:23 - Pedro Oliveira
I have a question.


@6:24 - Aidan Cordes
Go for it, bro.


@6:26 - Pedro Oliveira
So, first of all, that's crazy valuable. I appreciate that. About the CTA and the payoffs, like, sometimes I feel like if the person doesn't ask me to follow, I'm more likely to follow than if they ask me to follow.
I don't know why, I'm not sure if I'm the only person, but I wanted to ask your take on that, because I feel like if the video is truly valuable or helpful, they're going to follow regardless.
And if someone asks me to follow, I might not.


@6:56 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah, yeah.


@6:57 - Pedro Oliveira
I don't know.


@6:58 - Aidan Cordes
No, I get that. I think the one thing... What got to look at is, I mean, first thing I'd say is, how often are you doing CTAs?
So I had a call with someone yesterday. It was like he was doing CTAs every post and wondering why people aren't commenting.
It's like, because you're rinsing it so much. So let's say, for example, you're doing lead magnet, we'll come back to the follow, but let's say you're doing a lead magnet.
Naturally, if you're spamming CTAs, the perception of people, people are going to have on your value is going to be a lot lower, because you're always asking for something.
Whereas the whole idea you guys should approach this is, like, how can I give away so much value? And then I actually like deserve the to ask for something in return.
I'd say, with the follow CTAs, like, don't necessarily use them as much, because naturally, if someone likes their content, or if someone likes your content, they're going to follow anyway.
Maybe like the common CTAs is slightly different, you need to actually prompt them to comment. But the only time I'd really use like a follow one is more, if you're leaving it kind of on a cliffhanger, there's like an unresolved tension.
So this could be if you're doing like a series video where like day one of doing XYZ, right, or tend them, you know, to follow along to see the journey.
It could be like the pin post, series. My Story Video, where the whole intention of that video is to, you know, tell people about your story, but then also get them once again to follow along and see your journey.
So I think it really depends where you use it. But I'd like kind of steer, not really lean on like the follow CTAs, because it feels like a cheap way to ask for something back.
Like if they like your content, they're going to follow. If they don't, they're going to scroll.


@8:20 - Pedro Oliveira
It's simple as that. Yeah. Yeah. No, cool. And then in terms of what you mentioned of the common CTA, every how many posts would you throw one that's like a common CTA?


@8:35 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah. I mean, for Suway, like we also got to look at the stories as well. So for us, we do about two DM CTA stories a week, which is pretty fair for us.
Works really well. Also a really good way to get DMs active if there's not too much lead flow. So it's really good way to ignite conversations there.
But then in the content, I'd say like two times a week max, but make sure when you're asking, you know, for them to comment that you're really providing a good.


@9:00 - Pedro Oliveira
So as I said, one of the videos we're going to go through in a moment is like a 70k story sequence breakdown we were at the Suway and now the reason we ask people to comment is because we provided so much value in the short form version that we know they want to comment and get the long form version so only makes sense for them to comment and like they'd be crazy not to right so anytime you use a comment CTA just make sure it's like an irresistible offer where they feel like they have to comment they feel like they're missing out if they don't comment don't really use them you know just kind of farm engagement maybe get some few people you the dms you really want to use them when you feel like you actually deserve to ask for it if that makes sense mm-hmm yeah it makes sense um last question um was just a follow-up on what you just mentioned of the video you're gonna post for Suway so that video like the short form format did you just take cuts from the long form and then built built it or did you make a complete new script with everything in the long form and just compressed let me get into that I'll get into that
Drop some sauce. Go, go, go, go, sounds good.


@10:01 - Aidan Cordes
Okay, sick.


@10:02 - Pedro Oliveira
Thank you.


@10:03 - Aidan Cordes
Got you, bro. Any other questions before we jump into the video breakdowns? Okay, sick, we should be all good.
So, as I said, we're going to break down a couple of videos. There's a couple of your guys' videos in there as well, which should be kind of cool.
I know we've got one of Joe's, we've got Mavis' video in there too. So, I want to, you know, shout out to some of you guys.
But first video I want to break down is this one by Joe. Now, I'm going to share my screen like side by side to make it a bit easier.
Let's see what the best way for me to do this is. We're going to break down like, basically go through the framework that we built out here and break it down like that.
But, so, first video we're going to go through is Joe's tier list video, if he wants to load. So, the whole idea of the video is 40k month, service, business owner, ranks every niche.
Now, format the video, very simple, tier list. What we need to pay attention to of the tier list ones.
Everyone's got like the same visuals. So, it's very iconic. So, Everyone's replicating the same style. Avoid trying to create your own style.
Kennedy, not to call you out, think you've tried creating your own one, where I think it loses less of that iconic look, right?
The whole visual style that is really important. So if you guys want to make these tier lists, you can go to tier list maker, literally called tier maker.com, and you can get the same sort of aesthetic.
But yeah, main format is like a tier list format. So tier list video using the iconic tier list style.
Hook of the video. So there's multiple hooks I want you to pay attention to. We've got the visual hook, the text hook, and the verbal hook.
Now, visual hook, we've got, firstly, we've got like iconography. So we're showing what he's actually talking about. You can see, you know, he's jumping straight into it, which is also something I want to point out.
I did see a lot of you guys kind of repeat your title and then jump into it. One thing I want you to notice is here to the other, jump straight into it.
He's got a guy behind the camera saying pressure washing, and then he goes straight into ranking it, right? No, no, no.
It's time to get into it, straight into the action. So visual hook would be the actual image, like I'm going call it iconography, but this is like, basically just means it's a media term for, you know, relevant image.
And then also I want you to pay attention to his backdrop. So he's centered really well in the camera.
He's got a car in the background. I think, I can't remember what car he's got. It's like a Porsche or something nice, but he's got a nice backdrop, which, you know, is going to attract people's attention if this hasn't already.
Um, and he's got, you know, the iconic tier list table. Now, secondly, the textbook. So the main thing I want you guys to look at is the title.
So he's got the title. Um, it presents like sense of authority, right? People want to listen because, okay, he's successful.
He makes this amount of money. And it's also very generic. So it tracks a wide, um, total addressable market tracks wide TM.
So if you were to replicate something like this, those are what I want you to, you know, keep the same, right?
How can we keep the authority in the title? And how can we keep it really generic? So we're attracting a wider.
And then the third one's more like the verbal hook, so you guys pretty couldn't hear it because we're on a call, but he's basically got someone in the background saying like pressure washing, but I want to, I'm going to label this as like getting straight into the action, so he doesn't like repeat the hook, biggest mistake I saw people make was like actually repeating the hook, this guy gets straight into the action, so doesn't repeat the hook, straight into action, but that's like the hook's broken down, you've the visual hook, the text hook, the verbal hook, and we've gone through his biggest mistake there, now the structure of the video, what is the sentence level, and visual construction, so one thing I want you guys to notice with these videos is it's super simple, super broken down, he says okay it's A tier, it's pretty beginner friendly, equipment costs a little higher to get into, but really easy to get jobs, very simple, very straightforward, so simple sentences, and pay attention to how he structures it, all it is is what am I ranking it, so what rank is it, EG A tier,
What are the other ones? What is the pros? And then cons. Done. On to the next one. So very quick fire.
One we need notice, very quick fire, very actionable. And people are going to remember this, right? It's memorable. A lot of the time, and the biggest mistake I see a lot of people make, especially with the middle of funnel value-focused videos, is they try to give away too much value.
They're talking for so long. You get to the end of the video, you're like, I forgot what this guy was even chatting about, right?
Probably with me on my call sometimes. Probably drop so much value. It's like, you even forget half the stuff I mentioned.
So having it as like really simple sentences, really broken down, simplifying it so much more, makes it a lot more memorable, makes it a lot easier for the viewer.
Third one, emotional trigger. So this is going to, you know, trigger, you could argue kind of everyone. Controversy in the fact that, you know, he's sharing his opinion.
It's opinionated. It's a ranking. People are going to want to get in the comments and say if they agree or disagree, agree or disagree in the comments.
So big on engaging. We can also talk about Aspiration, because he mentions he's a 40k a month business owner, can't tie, biz owner, right?
And then we can also talk about curiosity, because people kind of want to see, okay, is this going to line up with, you know, it has people asking questions, is this going to line up with what I think?
They want to see the pros and cons, and basically just gives him, you know, he's answering all their questions before they even ask them.
So, that goes back down to, like, the sentence structure and the layout. Thirdly, like, the pattern interrupt. So, he's got, like, the editing is very, very simple, very clean.
He's got captions, he's got the, um, I think I call it iconography, so he's got, like, the image pop-up, right?
And that's instantly, like, a big pattern interrupt for people. And he also has, like, a verbal pattern interrupt, because he has someone behind the camera asking, or, like, saying the actual business model itself, right?
So, typically, you're not really going to see that kind of sound. Thank You guys can go back and watch this video after, but you kind of hear it come from the background, which people who are scrolling, they're not really going to be used to.
It's just going to catch them out. That's like the pattern interrupt. But also just, you know, even just like the visuals as a whole, car in the background, et cetera.
Now, CTM payoff, I can't remember what CTM is, I'll let it play, but I'll let the shareability factor, we'll go through that first.
Now, firstly, controversial, because he's sharing an opinion, and people are, you know, going to want to share theirs, will want to share theirs, and it's a bold, like controversial claims, right?
And also, I want you to notice how he structures them. The first one he does is C tier, right?
He talks about like the most, or no, first one he does is A tier, actually, but he talks about one of the most like controversial ones first.
Now, what you guys can do with these videos is talk about like the highest or the lowest ranking one first, and then you can jump more into like the middle ones that people are going to be less, like more bored of, and people are going
And naturally stays at the end of the video because they're waiting to see, okay, what's he going to rank last or what's he going to rank first?
So be really selective with how you actually organize these videos. I know I've got little notifications popping up. I've got football later.
So group chats hitting off. But yeah, that's what I'd say in that regards. didn't give you five. But you've got to pull up.
Jump on a little flight real quick. But yeah, very controversial. So people are going to want to share their opinion in the comments.
It's basically your farming engagement. And then you've got a layer of proof. So once again, this is in the title hook where he talks about, you know, he's 40k a month service business owner.
So people are going to listen to him. There's a level of authority. He's on a pedestal. He has every right to talk about this topic.
His opinion must be right. And they're going to be kind of confused when or if they disagree with what he's saying.
So that links back to the title hook. I want to see what the CTA is saying. I know he's got like a common CTA at the bottom.
But once again, just know. Notice the language he's using, how it's structured, very simplistic, like literally just perfectly executed, and you'll notice alongside like all the best performers, they're all probably executed in a very similar way, the ones that don't perform as well will be the ones that, you know, they take too long to explain their point, you don't really give the audience a reason to listen to you, I mean this video's gone on for ages, but in terms of the CTA, it's a comment CTA, so comment CTA, he's obviously provided a lot of value, so he's earned the right to actually ask for something in return, so earned the right to ask for something in return, and then once again, it's something people are going to share and come back to, right, share, controversial, so people want to share their opinion, so people will share with others, and come back to, right, next one I want to go through, okay, so trend layer, is this tapping into something culturally, timing, and it audio.
Now, I wouldn't necessarily say this like super trend-based, but we're tapping into relevant business models. So make sure like the topics that you're talking about are actually relevant.
So relevant business models, these are things that people can actually start today. So when I talk about making videos actionable, this is a perfect example of this because these are all business models people are currently doing in order to make money, right?
And not only are people doing this, his clients are doing this. So, you know, the people who are watching this video and they're like, oh, cool, I want to make some money.
They're going to go to him. So see how like this video is very clearly structured. That's kind of a breakdown of this video.
Any questions on that sort of breakdown? Anyone want to add anything before we move on to the next one?


@19:44 - Oisin
You said anything about the actual sounds. How important are the actual trending sounds on it? Or does it not matter?


@19:52 - Aidan Cordes
To be fair, I wouldn't say it matters too much. Maybe like it used to matter a lot more. But I mean, even with like two ways content, we just use music.
It's... doesn't matter. Fits the tone of the video, I'd say the most important thing is actually picking songs or music that matches the tonality of the video, so, you if you're talking about a very personal topic, a very, like, sad topic, using sadder music, or, you know, if you're talking about a record month, using more, like, hype music, something more upbeat, so, yeah, I'd say rather than focus on whether it's a trending audio, focus on how does it actually match what I'm talking about.


@20:24 - Oisin
Cool, thanks.


@20:25 - Aidan Cordes
Got you. We'll jump into the second one. So, second one's going to be Suway's Story Seekers video that we've ripped, I think, at the start of January.
Probably one of my favorite videos we've done for Suway, simply because, like, the amount of value we shared in it, and I think it's such a good example of, like, a middle-of-funnel video, and something each one you should replicate.
So, firstly, Reyes, go for it, bro.


@20:49 - Reyes Abalos
Sorry, brother. Real quick, before we move on to Suway's video, when it comes to the, kind of, the ranking list, I was, I downloaded the app right now, I was kind of looking at some stuff.
next time. Thank Different topics would you say maybe you could use that tier list for before you feel like maybe you're kind of like overusing it?


@21:07 - Aidan Cordes
In terms of like how many types of videos or how many things to discuss in one video?


@21:12 - Reyes Abalos
Like how many topics? like, for example, I do, like, since I'm in real estate, I was thinking like things that realtors do, like top home builders, like just different categories, not putting them all into one video, but just without like burning out that style of content.


@21:29 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah. Yeah. I'd say, um, rip like three to four versions of it, like spread them across, like maybe two a week max, I'd say.


@21:36 - Reyes Abalos
Okay.


@21:37 - Aidan Cordes
Um, and you can just spread it across the course of a month. Then, I mean, one thing we'll touch on more pretty next week, cause we don't have as much time today, but how you can like actually reformat these formats and create new formats out of the same formats, but take like the proven concept and basically present it in a different way.
Um, we'll probably jump more into that next week. Um, but yeah, that's what I'd say, like maybe two times a week, Max.


@21:57 - Reyes Abalos
Thanks. Dope. Appreciate you, bro.


@21:59 - Aidan Cordes
Got you. But yeah, we'll run through Sue's video, so format of the video, it's like a sit down talking head, I know Ash, I think Ash is in the call, got footwork with him later, so he's really getting nervous, ready to get smoked, but Sue is in like a sit down video of Ash breaking down story sequences for context, so it's a talking head video, but it's also in like a Miro board, whiteboard kind of style, we made like custom animations for this, but I'm going to put like Miro board slash whiteboard style, just for the simplicity of, you know, this.
Effectively, the whole idea behind this is we're explaining step by step how to do something, so typically this is the best way to present it.
Now, hook of the video. First thing I want you to look at, I mean the visual hook and the text hook and the verbal hook are very similar.
I made 70k off this story sequence. Right, who's not gonna watch this video now? So firstly, he's talking about, he's linked the hook back to an audience pain point.
He's also, so story sequences, you know, people struggle with those. Right, it's a key thing we see people struggle with.
And he's also giving people a reason to listen to him. So 70k, crazy claim. So it's a really bold claim and giving people a reason to listen.
Right, and then in of the visual hook, he's showing the actual story itself. So visual hook, he's actually showing the 70k stories.
People like want to sit through this video and see, okay, you know, what actually was the story? And now that we see, you know, the story, we know he's going to be breaking down step by step.
So it's like, okay, let me sit through this video. I can steal this. I can replicate it for myself.
Right, showing the 70k story so people can steal it. And that's instantly going to spark interest. Now, one thing I want you guys to notice is how we structure the actual value we're providing.
So obviously visually it looks very clean, but I want you to notice like the pop-ups we have on the side.
We basically made it bullet point action balls. So super easy for people to follow. People can like finish the video and implement it for themselves.
And we're really selling the implementation, not just the information here. Although we're giving information, we're showing people how to actually implement it.
We're providing like the value, not just like the general information, general overview of it. People can finish the implement for themselves.
And that's what makes this value so like powerful, right? People can take it and get the same result. So the whole idea, you know, short, simple, broken down very simply, broken down, like very easy to implement.
Now, emotion we trigger, wouldn't really say we trigger controversy, but I would say, first of we trigger curiosity. How, like, what does a, people are going to be asking, like, what does a 70k story seems to look like?
And how can I implement this for myself? How can I implement this for myself? People want to know, like, what's the formula behind this?
Secondly, aspiration, right? Who is this guy? How is he making 70k? How is he making 70k personal story, right?
People want that result. People want the result. So we're really selling people on the outcome here, as well as, you know, the actual information itself.
Finally, like, pattern interrupt. I wouldn't really say it's a crazy pattern interrupt. It's more a combination of, like, the visuals, text hook, and the verbal hook, right?
We've got, like, as I said, this isn't really a MyraBord video. We've got some nice animations that editors have cooked with this one.
But yeah, I wouldn't really say it's a major pattern interrupt. It's more like a combination of we've got a strong layout, we've got a strong hook in, you know, 70k story sequence, and we've presented it very cleanly.
The information is very clear. CTA and payoff. Now, this video, think, Pedro, this is going to answer your question, but the CTA for this video, effectively, we took, we basically took the long-form version, we broke it down into a short-form video, and then in order to comment, people get a full long-form version.
So we've clipped out the best parts here, and now we've incentivized people to comment because they feel like, oh, I might have missed out on something, you know, did I get the full thing?
We've provided so much value in the short-form version that people feel like, they have to come in. Because they've got that FOMO, they've got the fear of missing out.
So where is that? So we've got a common CTA, directing them to a long form. And it's a privatehood, it's an unlisted YouTube video, right?
So once again, has that feeling of exclusivity. And gives people FOMO because they feel like they're missing out, they're scared to miss out.
And CTA, no, there's a CTA at the end, I won't watch the end, we'll be here for ages, but this is like CTA pop up at the end as well.
But then we also, once again, having the caption. So make sure you guys like show it kind of everywhere.
Have it at end, have it in the caption. And yeah, share a belief factor. Everyone like in the space is going to share with people, right?
Because we've solved a major pain point. Everyone's gonna share this video. Everyone wants to share it and save it because people want to come back and implement it.
People want to come back. An implant. The value, right? Because we've given so much value, people want to come back.
They feel like, you we've overwhelmed them with value almost. They have to come back and implement it themselves, right?
And then the proof layer. So we've got Ash, a client, with us. So this level of authority, you it shows us specifically coaching someone and helping them build their own, you know, story sequence to generate the same results.
So it shows with a client. It's basically giving you like a behind the scenes look of what does the coaching actually look What does the coaching structure look like in the program?
And we've linked it back to 70k result, back to 70k results. You can see I'm mentioning 70k a lot here.
want you guys to make note of that as well, if you were to replicate something similar. And is it tapping into something culturally timing?
Maybe not like culturally on a wild scale, but big bottleneck for most people in the industry. So very like ICP specific.
And I mean, everyone on social media uses Instagram. Instagram stories. So regardless of if you're in info or you set a coaching offer or whatever, people are going to be like, I post stories, how am I not making money from my stories?
So we still linked it to a very wide total addressable market. Right, that would be series stories you can spread down.
Any questions on that? And then we're going to break down one of Maver's videos because she crushed it with one of those.
Sick. All right, we'll jump into the third one, then we'll do a quick little Q&A. But yeah, next one-on-one breakdown is Maver's video.
Very good video. I believe this is your best performer, Maver. But I mean, Maver, before I go into it, you want to touch on this video, talk about like the mindset behind it or like the intention behind it and go from there?


@28:44 - maeva
Yeah, absolutely. I will say though that, well, because I help, you know, female coaches specifically, the mindset that I have to invest into a program to learn from somebody making $224,000 a month at 20 years old.
absolutely. It's the same mindset that I want my ICP to have when it comes to investing with me, right?
Like the fact that I'm able to invest $12,000 and I'm 17, I want my ICP to have the same mindset when it comes to investing with me.
So being able to sort of go over what I learned from investing in this and going over also the principle that I sort of go into, which is that it's so much more than just a program.
It changes your identity. And yeah, honestly, I'd say that that's sort of my breakdown of it.


@29:27 - Aidan Cordes
Love it. Love it. Okay. So if you look at the format now, one thing Maeve has done a really good job of, obviously, you've taken inspiration from Sueway's video.
So she's taken the black box format. She's got like the title hook at the top. And basically, it's a black box talking head video.
Very straightforward. But what I like you've done here, and you've not made the mistake of trying to overcomplicate it, trying to change the style too much.
You've really replicated it perfectly. So looks the exact same font, looks super similar. So perfect. But now a couple of things.
We've got the visual hook, which is more like, I mean, I'm going to consider this kind of the visual hook for now.
I think you actually have, did you have a pop-up? Yeah, perfect. Visual hook, we've got B-roll showing the actual payment.
So we're basically backing up what we're talking about, right? And this makes her believable, presents Maeva as an authority, you know, shows she's a credibility.
We've got the text hook. So we've got the top, which is like a controversial claim. Maybe not controversial, but like aspirational.
get into that in a second. We've got the text hook. Now that's obviously 224kms. At 20, sounds crazy. I'm going like aspirational, you know, controversial.
People are going to look at that and be like, what? They're going to start asking questions, right? So text looks really strong as well.
And then verbal hook, you're kind of doubling down on, you know, what you're talking about. Verbal hook, basically doubling down on messaging of the video, which is super strong.
So you've made it super clear what you're going to be talking about in the video. really doubled down on that and made sure
People understand, you what they can expect. Now, structure of video, one thing I like that you did, you break it up into three main steps.
Very simple language used, not like crazy sophisticated, and here are the three pieces of advice that he's given me so far.
Love that. So, broken down into three simple steps, makes it very, like, bite-sized, easy for the audience to consume, and basically just simplified it.
So, simplified, like, valuable information, simplified, valuable information. So, people are typically going to think, okay, this is to be like some crazy value, but you've made it, you've broken down really well, you've simplified it a lot more, and you've made it very attainable for people, so you can, like, take this information from themselves.
So, simplified, valuable information. And yeah, as I said, this is something like, people can take this value and implement it, no issues there.
In terms of motion, aspiration, because we look, we see 224k a month at 20. And we also see Maeva, who's 17 in investing X amount, right?
Which is like, once again, very impressive in itself. We see curiosity, because we're like, okay, is it worth, you know, is it worth that amount to be investing?
And you know, what value is actually worth, or like, what value is worth that amount? What does this person know that we don't?
What does, so it creates like a sense of FOMO that, we don't. Then you've got controversy. I wouldn't really say there's much controversy in here.
You could argue just like the, the like contrast between how much he's making versus the age. People aren't really expecting that.
It's kind of unusual. So you could link that back to controversy, but I'd say it's mainly focused on aspiration and curiosity.
Next thing like pattern interrupt. Once again, wouldn't say crazy pattern interrupt. It's more like the title hook. Big claim.
And Now the viewers watching is watching to see if it aligns with, you know, their expectation for the video.
So as I said, you set the expectation really well. Now the viewers watching to see if, okay, is this value actually worth, if the value is actually worth, how much you paid for it, should you paid for it.
CTA payoff. I know you've got follow CTA in the caption. Did you have one at the end of the video?


@33:28 - maeva
I don't think so. I kind of messed up with that, honestly. Like I kind of, this is a lot of the videos that do well.
I end up not having a CTA in it and I miss out a lot. So I'm going to add it later.
No. Oh, really?


@33:41 - Aidan Cordes
Oh, no. Did you add like the caption in later? did it always add the follow CTA? Oh, okay. No, because a lot of people like they post a video and then they'll come back to it.
They'll see it blow up. They'll be like, oh, , let me add the follow CTA in the caption. But yeah, that's good.
So follow CTA in the caption, pretty subtle, nothing overkill. I don't really know like what sort of CTA you'd have for this.
guys. Bye. Could cook up a freebie for it, but would be kind of excessive. Now, shareability factor, I mean, this kind of speaks for itself.
Bold, controversial claim, $224k per month at 20, and you've also got a 17-year-old investing $12k, right? Crazy claim, very bold, very controversial.
So people are going to share it. And also the value you're providing is going to be perceived very highly because of, once again, your calibre, Sueway's calibre.
So people are going to want to share this information around because they perceive the value to be very high.
Proof layer, you've shown B-roll, shown the payment. You've shown, you know, how do I actually will this, like, young person making lots of money.
Go for it, Maeva.


@34:47 - maeva
I'll say two things. One of the things that made the video, I think, really do well was the background music that I used.
It's very intense, especially, like, along the, throughout the video. Thank you. As I provide more value and as I go more in depth, the background music just like gets more and more and more intense.
If you guys want access to it, I can send it over to you. I will also say another thing is that this video brought me a ton of qualified ICP.
The 7k day I had recently was from people who came across this video and followed me from here. I'd say one of the things that made it perform really well is that, first of all, people got curious who this person That I was talking to.
They're like, so who's the mentor? Who's the, like, what's the program? I have people straight up DMing me. Who is this?
Who is this? And then number two, it associates me with a higher caliber of people. Just as how Soe, you know, he told me he actually, he said he made a lot by associating himself with Daniel Dallin.
And that made him like a lot of money. So Aiden, you also told me to double down on this and keep talking about how, you know, like I'm associating myself with you, with even like Wyatt and things like that.
Um, so that's, that's, that's.


@36:00 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah, really good insights. But yeah, as Maeva said, the level of association you're creating within this, being surrounded by not only an entrepreneur making 224k a month, but okay, people are going to think, what sort of level is this community?
Who else is getting the results in this program? And once again, this puts you in an even better position because she's 17, she's investing this amount of money, she's surrounded by this many people, I need to work with her because she's clearly doing something right.
She's doing it before the rest of us. So really good there. In terms of trend layer, nothing like crazy, I'd say.
We've seen a lot of videos like this, I'd say it's, you just a viral format, which you double down on.
But the main reason this performed well is because you kept the fundamentals, like very dialed in there. Like where one thing you did really well is you didn't change too much about this video, right?
You took the fundamentals, you added your own spin, you added your own like story behind it. And you know, you kept that all the same.
So that's like the main purpose of this call showing you guys, how can we take these viral formats, you know, take what's worked from them, then also add our own
So I hope that's giving you guys some more clarity. We haven't really got long left. I'm kind of in a rush.
I've to head off in a bit. But obviously, I'll run some Q&As now. So let me know if you guys have any questions.
It would also be good to get some feedback on how you found the call too, because I feel like it's not a big problem we managed to solve here.
But yeah, boys, let's jump in some questions. Kevin, we'll start with you.


@37:22 - Kevin Walton
How are you doing, bro? Yo, what's up, man? I'm doing good.


@37:25 - Aidan Cordes
I'm doing good. Finally, getting some clients in my business.


@37:28 - Kevin Walton
So, you know, doing good. I have one. I don't know if this helps, but I have one video I can let you take a look at.
It has over 8,400 comments on my CTA. It's for a free SFX pack, and I can send you a link if you want.


@37:42 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah, go for it, bro.


@37:43 - Kevin Walton
Hang on a sec. That's right here.


@37:49 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah, I think I know which one you're referring to. I think that's a cheat code for anyone who works in the creative space.
Any editing packs and stuff like that, especially back in the day when everyone started out as an editor.


@38:00 - Kevin Walton
We used to go crazy for this stuff. Yeah, it's just a free product. Anything that's like super valuable that can really apply to your ICP or anything in your field, like if it's something that's just unheard of, it really can go off.
So this video is still in the algorithm. I'm still getting like at least like 20 comments a day still.
And this was posted like last month or something like that. So it's a lot of stuff. The way I did it was a lot more visual stuff.
Like you saw the visual audio files up top, um, you know, visual hooks of some kind, you know?


@38:38 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah. I think one, one thing you did well, this video is you made it like very, very simple, very straightforward.
Like the language you use is super straightforward. Um, you obviously use a lot of like the audio hooks as well.
Um, so yeah, overall I think you just packaged it really well, but I'm, I'll add this to the notion.
I'm going to send the notion guys in the Canva as well after call. So you guys can replicate this exact formula for yourselves.
Kevin, I'll add yours too. too. People can like study that. They'll a little breakdown for themselves, but yeah, good insights.


@39:03 - Kevin Walton
I appreciate it. And I think I had one more question. I just can't remember it. So I'll just let you move on to the next person.


@39:07 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah. Okay. And if you remember it, just drop me a message on the one-on-one chat.


@39:10 - Kevin Walton
We'll go from there. Yeah, I gotcha.


@39:12 - Aidan Cordes
Okay. Thank you. Jakob, how can I help bro?


@39:15 - Jakob Schnitzler
What's up, man? Two quick questions first in regarding to what we just covered. So how would you like kind of replicate?
I mean, we can analyze obviously all those videos, but for example, for me, it's kind of a blue ocean market.
Like there's no one else doing it for Santa Bex. So how would you take those, like what would you get and put it on your own without like changing too much?
But on the flip side, I'm like, I kind of got to change some stuff because there's no one I can really like take that stuff from, if that makes sense.


@39:45 - Aidan Cordes
Yeah. I mean, it comes down to like, I'll try to link back to one of these videos, but it's not really a relevant one.
Like you find whether it's someone like in your niche or just a well-performing video, it's literally a case of breaking it down and finding where you can slot in your story, your personality, or like results.
I mean the Suway one's kind of broad because it's a story sequence video but looking at the format of the video so if you were to identify a big problem for sense backs and break it down step by step you know you probably have that in your mind okay now we take the format so we're going to do talking head video we're going to have this at the bottom of the screen more focused on like the visuals not necessarily like a Mario board because it was pretty boring I don't really think that links back to your niche well hook of the video so watch like your bold claim going to be for you it could be like D1 or you know how much like you got on a contract or like the age you got signed out stuff like that you know we're linking it back to an audience so if Suway was a story sequence for you would be your pain point the visual hook you know actually showing your authority what is your bold claim so whether that's like verbally spoken whether that's shown through the text on the screen that's kind of like your visual hook structure video okay let's make it very you know bullet point focus let's make like little titles and bullet points below break it down very step by step people can finish the video implemented themselves motion of video
That's an example of tapping inside the train layer. But does that kind of give you a bit more context?
Like, although it's kind of broad, you've got to be like, and there's only so much you can kind of replicate.
That's just like the thought process I'd approach you with. Like, how can you look at Suway's video and replace it with stuff that's relevant to you, while keeping, for example, like the visual style the same.
Okay, yeah, perfect. Thank you so much. And my second question is kind of like your opinion on one thing that stood out to me from Wyatt's call yesterday was that he said that he stopped giving value and started teaching lessons through his, through his content, or through his story, especially.
So what is your take on that in terms of like, actual value videos? Yeah, for sure. I mean, yeah, with the value you give, like, you should only give kind of the surface level value and the fact that it's actionable, people can implement it themselves, but there should still be a level where they've got questions to ask.
And that's why All right, videos like Sueway's one I just showed you, the story sequence one, people wanted the CTA or like would actually opt in for the CTA because there's an element of, you know, FOMO where they're like, am I missing out on anything, right?
They don't, they're scared to not opt in.


@42:14 - Jakob Schnitzler
They're scared to, you know, not like engage with the video because they feel like they might be missing out on something.
So I'd say when you do give value, keep it surface level, but make sure it's actionable and sparks enough interest and sparks enough FOMO to the point where people, for example, would either pay for that value or opt-in for CTA, where you're to provide it in more detail.
Okay, perfect.


@42:35 - Aidan Cordes
And I mean, like people say like value is dying, value is dying, but what I see in my niche, and you probably get all the soccer, football content as well.
Like there's so much like value content that also performs really well because like, so how would you kind of approach that in terms of my niche?
Because like, I'm trying like, oh, like I want to teach my like miss mission and lesson. But the thing is like all the videos that go
Crazy are the ones where I like drop a workout video or something like that. Yeah, I mean, I think it's more a case of how do you actually make the value like entertaining to watch?
Like, realistically, a lot of the, for example, in info, right, the mistake people make is they all just rip like Mario board videos.
No one's to sit through that. It doesn't look very visually appealing. It's kind of boring. And it's very like, obvious that you're going to be sharing some form of value.


@43:24 - Jakob Schnitzler
And if someone's not in the mood to watch a Mario board video, which I mean, who actually ever is, they're not going to watch it.
Whereas, for example, if we refer back to the story sequence video, we made it more visually entertaining. We provided value in a way that's actually engaging for the audience.
So that's how I'd approach that. How can I provide value in the most engaging way? yeah, try like stand out a bit.
Okay, perfect. Thank you. Got you, bro. Jai, how can I help you, bro? Are you doing any sort of content reviews?


@43:53 - Aidan Cordes
If you send it to me, because I don't want to, I might be here for ages, but if you send it to me in the one-on-one chats, I'll rip
Good review for you, bro. Alright, alright, cheers. Well, yeah. Jamal, how can I help? Yo, what's up? First of all, that was a great call.
got a lot of clarity. I had, like, one general question for my content. So, a video that I did really good in the past was a video of me talking about how much money I made as a UGC creator.
Obviously, now, since I'm more into, like, coaching, you recommend I should talk about how much money I make as a coach.
I'm obviously not doing as much UGC right now anymore, right? So, what do you think about that? Yeah, you're coaching UGC, right?
Yeah. So, you can still talk about it. I mean, if anything, that actually adds a whole new level of authority to your claim because, you know, you've actually gone and done the business model and got the results.
Like, a lot of people, you know, the reason everyone's so kind of tight and doesn't really want to spend money these days are, like, there's a lack of trust in the whole industry.
It's because people are selling something where they haven't even done it themselves. This is a whole different, like, especially your USP, this is whole different angle you can tap into because you've actually done it.


@45:00 - Jomar Baterina
So, have every right to talk about it and share that within your content. So, I'd speak about both. So, like, how much money I made as a coach as well?
Yeah, you can tap into that as well. Obviously, it depends on, like, the context of the video. So, obviously, you're selling, you know, a UGC offer.
So, it'd probably make more sense to to speak more about how much you made doing it yourself. But, once again, you can still tap into that element of how much you make as a coach.
Okay, gotcha.


@45:26 - Aidan Cordes
Like, so, I want to make a video of where I'm calling my mom, technically, basically saying how much money I made last month.
Kind of like the Suway video. Well, like, pretty much, like, most of the money isn't made from actual UGC itself, right?
Yeah. think I should still make that video? Or, like, do you think I should just stay away from that?
Because that might hit, like, other people trying to get into coaching where that's on my offer right now, right?


@45:52 - Jomar Baterina
Yeah. No, it makes sense. I'd say just keep it generic.


@45:55 - Aidan Cordes
Like, with Suway's one, doesn't necessarily speak about he made 224k a month from his coach.


@45:59 - Jomar Baterina
great ... ... It's more just, I made this amount.


@46:02 - Aidan Cordes
So just keep it generic. don't like owe anyone that information, I guess. You can kind of keep it at baseline level because the whole focus of that video is not, you know, how you made the money.
It's more celebrating the fact that you made it. Okay, I got you. Okay, cool. Yeah. Okay, cool. Thanks. Appreciate it.
That was good.


@46:18 - Jomar Baterina
Got you, boys. Right. Wrap it up there. Any other questions, guys, drop me a message in the one-on-one channels and then also feel free to book in to one-on-one calls, but I hope you guys found it really valuable.
And then, yeah, I'll see you guys next week and we'll go through some more like formats so you guys can start ripping.
Catch you boys in a bit.


@46:35 - Aidan Cordes
Thank you, bro.


@46:36 - Jomar Baterina
Have a good one.


Consulting Mastery Group Call  - March 04
Consulting Mastery Group Call  - March 04


VIEW RECORDING - 76 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
He's gonna drop a whole lot of sauce, he even got, he even got the call-up shirt ready, bro. He's a kid.


@0:06 - wyatt webber
Bro, we're matching low-key, we're low-key matching.


@0:11 - nigeldaley
I love it, I love it.


@0:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool, how you guys doing? Nigel, how you doing, bro?


@0:14 - nigeldaley
Chilling, bro. I mean, I've just been dogging it, bro.


@0:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, I feel you. Let's hop on one-on-one to book on my calendar. You can just ask someone for the link, and then I thought they'll send it, but let's just tap in, bro.


@0:28 - nigeldaley
Yeah, sounds good. Cool, cool, cool.


@0:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Andrew, how you doing, brother? You all good?


@0:33 - Andrew @drutransforms
Amazing, brother. How you doing?


@0:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good. You're on the treadmill as always, yeah?


@0:37 - Andrew @drutransforms
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.


@0:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, yeah. I love it. Yeah, I was active. I've been hella active recently as well. I've been doing so much cardio.
I played basketball today. We got, we got, we lost, but I dropped 40. It's career high, actually. Career high, but in the loss, bro.
It's like, it doesn't even count, for real.에e know. I don't don't 40's crazy though.


@1:01 - Andrew @drutransforms
Yeah.


@1:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Actually, we're not like usually here.


@1:05 - Alessio
Who's that?


@1:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. But yeah, Jai, how you doing, bro? You all good?


@1:11 - Jai
Yeah, I'm good. How are you, bro?


@1:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Chillin', you're in Manchester. Where are you at? Nah, I'm in LA.


@1:16 - Jai
I'm flying back in like two or three years. Okay, you didn't make a stop in London, bro.


@1:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's going on?


@1:22 - Jai
I can just come to London, it's not too far. I'll come at some point, you know, when I'm back.


@1:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, let's run it, bro. Let's run it. Cool. So, Joe, how are you? You're all good?


@1:30 - Joe Dooley
Yeah, man. All is good. How are you?


@1:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good, man. Good, good, good. Can't complain. You're excited for this call?


@1:35 - Joe Dooley
I'm fired up, bro. Let's do it.


@1:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's supposed to be hitting that 100K this month, no matter what. Let's make it happen, bro. I got a really good shot.


@1:43 - Joe Dooley
I'm going to do over 50K with the other business.


@1:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, I like, I have to do it. Yeah. Let's do it.


@1:48 - Joe Dooley
Let's run it.


@1:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's run it. But yeah, this call is going be really good. I love these calls, simply because it's like, for me, it's super...
It's... It's super cool to look at the point that you guys join in, and for you guys to present in front of everybody, to not just inspire yourself, but inspire everyone here.
That's my goal. My goal is to break every single limiting belief that you guys have in order to scale and get to the next level.
And for Wyatt to come in at, you know, I think he joined in like January. He joined sometime in January, like I think mid-January.
And, you know, January was, I think, a pretty bad month for you, right, Wyatt? Like 7.5?


@2:32 - wyatt webber
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Pretty bad month.


@2:35 - Kaj Kronenburg
Yo, yo, yo, who is that?


@2:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Wow.


@2:40 - wyatt webber
Okay, okay.


@2:42 - Kaj Kronenburg
This is how I eat on a day.


@2:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, but for me, like, the best thing that I can do for every single one of you is to remove every single limiting belief that you have.
And part of that is just seeing someone that's like doing well in the community that has the same exact support that you have.
can how Then can just Same exact everything, know, same exact support, same exact one-on-one calls, same exact group calls, same exact guidance, and drastically different results, and so I really want to pinpoint what Wyatt did that allowed him to scale so fast.
He achieved a 15x in his business in a span of 30 days. So it's going to be a good one.
I know I see a few new faces here. Oisin, nice to see you, brother. We'll chat soon. But yeah, let's run it, man.
Let's run it. So yeah, we're going to have a very, very in-depth session. Wyatt, you know, I'll introduce Wyatt real quick to everybody here.
think you guys already, you guys already all know him, but Wyatt joined in in January, 7.5k cash. February, hit $105,000 cash collected.
15x to business in a span of 30 days. And he's 19. The guy's 19 years old, you know. His birthday's in November, so this guy is going to absolutely run it up.
So Wyatt, go ahead and take it away, brother. Excited for you. So excited.


@3:57 - wyatt webber
low-key. nervous. What if it's not? As good as the last one, no, no, it'll be good, it'll be good, let's do it, let me do it, all right, let me share my screen, yes, let me know when you enable it, it's disabled it right now, yeah, should be good, all right, oh, I'm actually so excited to run through this, okay, let's do it, can you all see this, it should be black, should be black, yeah, all right, so I'm going to walk through basically the whole transformation that I've had so far, since joining, before I go through kind of like what I actually did, I want let you know where I was, so when I actually joined, I was fluctuating like crazy, right, it was around just like the five figure mark, but in January, I actually did 7.5, which is one of my worst months ever, and I think right then, seeing that I did 7.5, holy, like that was cooked, and
SCREEN SHARING: Wyatt started screen sharing - WATCH
I was like, I was very unhappy with where my business was, because I felt like the whole time, I had the knowledge to scale, but it just wasn't working.
Hold on, I'm going to move you guys over to my other monitor so I can see you at the same time.
Okay. And during this, I was working 12 hours a day, but it was actually doing nothing. It was a hamster wheel.
I was doing the same stuff like over and over and over and over. I felt like every day, it was just like, it was just rinse and repeat, but my business wasn't changing, right?
And I had to really work hard just to stay at the same point. I had no predictability. I had nothing really going for me.
I was doing everything myself. My content was stagnant. And in January, my followers were actually going down just because, we'll walk into it in a second, but I was at 9K followers.
And like I said before, I was confused why nothing was working, because I felt like I had the knowledge to scale.
I've been doing online business literally since I was 13. So I've like been around the block. And I've had, I've had businesses.
Go successful before, but for some reason, like, I just could not, I could not really break past and scale up to that six-figure market like I was wanting to, to now, where I did 105K cash collected in January, we were hitting 20K days, I'm actually delegating my tasks, so I have an A player setter, bro, and editors, we 3X our followers, bro, 9K to now 23.7, I think, let me check actually, I think we're even above that now, we're at 27.7, so even higher, almost at 30K now, we have, we had a 100% close rate in February, now we have a 95, I didn't close one call, but we went over 20 calls straight with 100% close rate, clients hitting record months as well, and we have past industry leaders and so many people actually copying our content now to try and get the exact same results, so, bro, the transformation is insane, and we did this whole thing in just 28 days, and in reality, I actually wasn't even taking on clients for the first half of February, so it was even like half that, this whole transmission,
It in less than a month, which is absolutely insane to say. So I want to walk through the three big shifts that I really had, like that completely changed my business.
And I try to make it in a very applicable way where I'm going to walk through kind of my thought process behind everything so that you can all do the exact same thing and then leave some time at the end to kind of ask questions.
But I split it into three sections. We're going to go over content, sales, and the mindset shift that I had because those are the only three things that I really focused on.
And to start, I want to go into content. Content was huge for me. This was probably the biggest lever that I pulled that really changed my entire business.
We tripled our followers because of it. We got millions of views in, counted up how many inbound DMs or people reached out for CTAs.
We now had over 1,000 people reach out for CTAs in the month of February alone. Content is now my strength, and we have other people copying it.
So I want to preface by saying content. What was my weak point, going into this, like, it was so bad, I got barely any views, like, my videos were like around a thousand views, it took me, like, it took me so long to get up to the 9k follower point, and I was getting like practically zero leads from my content, like, literally zero, and now to this point, simply by really only doing two things with my content that I kind of want to walk through, so the first thing is that content does not need to be narrow, this is what my content looked like before, I was getting terrible views, I was talking about specifically fitness coaching, I was just giving straight up value, and because of it, I was harming my reach, I thought that content need to be so specific, and even like this video, I thought I was being broad with this, but I'm literally just talking about online coaching, and like a truth of online coaching, like, that's such a specific thing, even that, and like with this, I was getting like a thousand views, because I thought that I had
I speak directly to my ICP in order to actually convert clients, and I thought that if I broadened up my content, I would harm myself because I would be getting a ton of unqualified people in or people that didn't actually relate, but the opposite happened.
I had SooWei, Kim, Aiden, and I even think George, all telling me I needed to broaden up my content, and as soon as I did this, everything changed.
So, the thing is, if I was going to broaden up my content, I wanted to make sure that it was going to work.
So, I had a thought process behind it that I think not a lot of people did. The algorithm is going to reward relatable ideas, not niche language.
So, I took ideas that my ideal follower would enjoy, and I basically said, how can I make this as broad as possible while still resonating with the person I'm active?
Now doing this, your ICP will recognize themselves in the details. If I was wanting to hit, if I was wanting to get in people who were still in ICP, then I knew I had to hit them somehow.
So how I actually did this is I took my videos from broad to specific as the videos went on.
I told myself if I was still going to hit them, but get in a large amount of views, then I had to start with something they relate to.
So my 22 rules for success video is a great example for this. This video has nothing to do with fitness coaching.
I don't say fitness coaching and I don't even talk about fitness coaching in my content anymore. But what I do is in this video, I talked specifically at the beginning about things that fitness coaches would agree, but a lot of people would.
I said act broke, eat boring foods, drink a gallon of water a day, go to the gym every day.
Now, millions of people relate to that, but people who go to the gym really relate to that. section. I'll tell Let's Thank
So I'm still hitting a giant audience, and then as the video went on, I got more specific, so then the followers I was getting, the people who actually watched the whole video, were my ICP.
As the video went on, I was talking about build proof before you build a product. If you have a skill, teach it.
Learn sales, learn marketing, invest in yourself. These are all things that I would tell a fitness coach specifically. Now, since they believed, and since they agree with what I said at the beginning of the video, subconsciously, they're going to agree with what I need at the end.
So I'm using a huge top of funnel piece of content to basically filter out the people I want following, and shifting beliefs at the exact same time.
And ever since I started doing this, I've gotten hyper intentional with how I actually do these videos. And I'm actually dominating right now, the market of these list style videos, or these tier list videos.
Every single time I post one, we get in hundreds of comments for the lead magnets, and hundreds of followers as well.
I think this video. Brought in over 10,000 followers, I think both of these, I got over 1,000 followers from, and we've started hundreds of conversations with extremely qualified ICP.
For some reason, can't see you guys anymore. me look back up. Ah, there you are. So, that was the first thing that really changed my content.
I broadened it up to the point where it was going to actually relate with literally millions of people, but while I went on with the video, getting more specific so I still relate to the people that I want.
Now, the second thing was that I stopped posting value as an information, and I started actually just showing my values, as in my actual beliefs, my morals.
And I was teaching through storytelling, because if anyone else can take your same transcript and post a video and have the same thing be true, then it's not a good video.
And you're not going to actually convert people over and have people buy into you if what you're saying could be copy and paste.
So, So, So I thought to myself, what can I do for every single piece of information I was trying to teach, what can I actually do to instead of teaching a piece of information, teach a lesson, and then send them to a YouTube video for them to actually learn.
So CTAs have been a thing that have been actually killing it for me lately, like with the tier list videos and everything like that.
But I've gotten to the point now where my audience wants the information I have so much that they will just, they'll take any lead magnet I give them, right?
So with this, I'm sharing my experiences, screw it, exposing my full six-figure content strategy, if you're the richest in the room, you're broke, this advice may be 45K a week at 19, and I remove my limited beliefs, make 105K a month at 19.
None of these talk to fitness coaches, not a single one. But what I'm doing in the videos is I'm explaining my thought process, my thought process, I'm not teaching them actionable advice.
I'm giving them my thought process, and then I'm basically sending them to the YouTube to actually get the information to actually.
That way, every single person that comments is going to be hyper intentional, every comment I'm getting is from a qualified person, because my video will resonate with a lot of people, right, a lot of people are going to like a video on a six figure content strategy, but the people who are going to want to elaborate on it more, know more about it, are going to be the people who are more qualified, more ICP, so on top of just not actually posting value, like, for example, not even my tier list videos, I give value, they're not value, I'm not teaching a thing, I'm diagnosing the issue for them, I'm showing that I know what I'm talking about, and then I'm sending them to the YouTube for them to actually learn, because people don't want to learn, like, most people are not sitting on social media because they want to learn, if they want to learn, they're going to go to YouTube, so you might as well send them to YouTube, and on top of sharing my actual values, I started selling selling people on me, and that is why I no longer teach
I'm right, because if I'm going to teach, then I want them to learn about what my actual mission is, what my goal is, because people do not buy into deliverables, they buy into the actual outcome, and that's who I'm going to hit on a little bit later as well.
How I actually do this, and I actually find my videos, is simply by studying outliers. Outliers of my own content, outliers of competitors, but not strict competitors, and I think that's a huge thing that caught me caught up.
I was looking at only the people that were doing the same thing as me, right? I was only looking at people who coach fitness coaches and looking at their content, but in doing so, there's nothing that would actually make me different.
So I started broadening my field. If you're a fitness coach, you shouldn't be looking just at fitness coaches, you should be looking at every single vertical, and the most broad vertical you can.
Like Sui, for example, think he follows Marshall Crude. He's like literally posts like fashion stuff, right? And I think like, you need to find people that you take inspiration from and content that you like, because if you like the content, then you're going to attract the exact same type.
And on top of the studying outliers, your clients are your best source of content ideas. The onboarding forms, right?
Every single onboarding form we got in February said the exact same thing. They said, I followed you because you're extremely authentic in your content and I agree with your mission.
Every single one of them. So what do I do? I'm going to be posting more of that. Every single time they said the exact same thing.
And they also said that I went into this telling myself I would never spend more than 2K on a program.
And as soon as I talked to you, we had them paying 10, right? And when you go above and beyond for your clients, they will do the exact same thing for you.
So not just the onboarding form, but actually going above and beyond for them as well. Because some of my best content ideas and my best videos came from clients.
My tier list video, I didn't come up with that myself. I had clients send me that saying, I enjoy this content.
You should rip it. And the video wasn't even made by another guy who teaches fitness coaches. It was some like random content thing.
So I got an idea from someone who's literally bought from me. Why would you go anywhere else when you can go to the people who are already proven?
And this isn't the only one. I have had multiple videos do extremely well simply because of clients. And not just because I'm getting ideas from them, but because I'm asking them if they would watch it.
I'll make videos. And before I post them, straight up, send it to my, like my dream clients and say, would you watch this?
And if they wouldn't watch it, then why would I post it? And I've gotten their insights, but I'm only able to do this because I've gone above and beyond for my clients.
So they know that, or so I know that they will go above and beyond for me. Your job is to get the sale in the content.
Okay. Your job is not to get them booked onto a call with the content. Your job is to close them with the content.
And sales calls should not be a thing. Now, when I go into the sales section, it's kind of going to be about content as well, because you should not be selling in the call.
If you're selling in the call, that means your content didn't do the right job, right? Regardless of the price, if someone sees something and they want it, they're going to buy it if they believe that it is worth it.
So the goal is what can you actually do with your content? What can you post to get to the point where someone shows up to the call and all they need to do is walk through your offer pitch just to see what it is, and then they send you the money.
That should be the goal. And that brings us into the second shift, which was actually sales. We ended up with a, well, now we have a 95% close, right?
But we ended up February with 100%. We are currently booking two to three calls per day. Every single lead is showing up pre-sold.
We are charging 10K, right? If we keep up what we're doing right now, like obviously everyone says that. We'll
Like, if the metrics stay the same, like, we're tracking two to three hundred K a month, obviously it's not going to happen, but like, because of the metrics that we have, this cannot happen if your content is not pre-selling people, right?
We're, what are we, like, we're four days into the month, and we've already collected five figures. So, people buy belief, not deliverables.
Your deliverables do not matter whatsoever. Like, your deliverables literally do not matter. I guarantee you, would, I'd be willing to bet a thousand dollars that not a single person in this call could tell me what Suway's deliverables are.
You could not tell me. Not a single one of you could say, these are deliverables that they walked me through, because it doesn't matter.
You bought in not because of the deliverables, but because you believe that they can get you results. And this is exactly what you need to do with your own content.
If you are talking about what they get in the program, if you're talking about, like, what... What you're going to do for them in your, in your reels or in your day-to-day content, you're screwing yourself over because they do not care.
People don't care how they get it. If they do, in reality, everything works. If you want to scale using ads, that's going to work.
If you want to scale using organic, that's going to work. If you want to scale by clipping, that's going to work.
All of it can work. So they don't care how they get the result. What you need to be selling them on is your mission.
Your mission will sell over everything else. And I started talking in my content, not about what my program gives them, but what it's all about.
And I want to create the best program that's ever existed so that anyone can take their love for the gym and turn it into something that they can fund their family from their lifestyle.
And eventually like the generational wealth. And because I'm so set on this mission, and that is my overall goal, my clients can feel it.
People in my content can feel it. And I've had people who There me that have told me they've never even thought about joining a program before, but they want to be part of it, and they didn't even care what the deliverables were, right?
The majority of time when I walk through them, they're like, yeah, like, yeah, that's good, but I already, like, I already wanted to buy, and this cannot happen if you are talking about the deliverables in your content.
You have to sell people on what your mission is and what your vision is for your business moving forward and for the entire industry moving forward.
Because people want to be part of something bigger than themselves. They want to be part of a community. They want to be part of your program.
They want to be part of you growing. And that's another thing that people said on my onboarding forum. I saw you in my shoes not too long ago, and I saw how fast you're able to scale, so I know you're going to keep scaling, and I want to be part of that.
So the thing with sales is that you could go into all the nitty-gritty sales stuff, right? But in reality...
Sales is one-to-one, but content is infinite, and if your content actually works, and you sell to many, this is why Alex Srimozy was able to have like 6k upsells at his book launch, that wasn't a book launch, right?
That book launch was like content. And in reality, the real thing that he was selling, he was selling you on him, so that you're just going to buy the products after.
And this is the key to sales. The key to sales is not handling objections, is not any of this, is removing all and any friction it takes for someone to buy.
So you have to show in your content exactly that. Now, nurturing is how you actually close before the call.
We have our, or we have every single person that shows up to call, watch a minimum of two to three videos, okay?
If they did not watch two to three YouTube videos on the ones that we sent them, we just rebooked the call, right?
And we had like two people who were bottom line with the call and they're like, yeah, we just didn't have time.
And I was like, yeah. No problem at all. We'll just have you go watch these and redo them. Now, the thing with this is you always have to put it into the prospects or the clients or whoever it is.
You have to put it to their benefit. So I had a guy who said, no, like, I don't want to watch the videos because I don't want to be nurtured.
Like, all my family does sales. I want to be nurtured. So I basically told him, I'm like, these aren't to nurture you, right?
It's because I know everything about your content. I know you have 45.3k followers because he did. He I knew how many views he had on his videos.
I knew exactly what he targeted. I told him, the reason we have you watch these videos isn't to nurture you.
It's because I want to make sure that my program is right for you. And I do know that. But in order for you to know it's right for me, in order for you to know that I'm right for you, these videos break that down.
Because I don't want to waste your time having you spend this whole hour just to figure out that it's not even for you.
So we have to go watch the videos and we have a follow-up booked. I think that's one of the biggest things is you always have to do it in.
In their benefit, even posting content, you're not posting content for you. And so many people get caught up in posting content because they want it to be that way.
But in reality, you're not doing it for you, right? If you're, if you're posting content for you, you go be an influencer, right?
You're in this because you want to, you want to make money. want to build a program. So you need to be thinking to yourself, not what you want to see, but sometimes put your ego aside and post what your audience actually needs to see.
And one of the ways that we actually did this, not like put the ego aside, but one of the ways that we actually nurtured people, I would have my setter keep track of every conversation and every objection or pain point that people have.
And we keep track of these, right? And I think that's pretty basic. But what we did do is I had videos on the back burner ready to post.
So when we had someone with an objection, we would post it the day before. And we've had people close because of that.
We had people who they had an objection, the DMs. And I would then, because of that, they were like, oh, I just can't invest.
Boom. Okay. I posted a video explaining how I invested in myself. They came back to the DM, said, oh, hey, I just saw a video, like, and that handled the objection, because that's your content's job, like, you should not be handling objections and calls.
And this has happened not, like, this has happened more than once. More than once we've had it where someone had an objection in the DMs, we then posted a video on it before the call, and it handled the objection before the call.
So it's like another layer to the post-booking of, like, sending them a YouTube video to solve it. Like, why not do a short form?
Because subconsciously, there's no way they're going to think that you made this for them, right? There's no way. That would be insane.
But so what it is going to do is it's going to allow them to see that it's a sign, right?
Oh, this happened to be posted at the time that I was needing it, and it solved my objection, right?
Because that is going to work so much better than trying to do it one-to-one. And if you are trying to convince someone on the call, like, yes, sales abilities matter, but it's always going to be more convincing if they see a post that wasn't meant for them.
And that is going to convert them over much better. So that's one of the big things that we actually were doing in our DMs.
had my setter, like we wanted to know, I wanted to know exactly what people were dealing with. So we had a list of every objection, every goal, everything.
And I would post videos on that and talk how they talk, not how I want to talk. So that brings us to the third section, which is the actual mindset shift that I had.
And the first mindset shift that I really had, speed is the most underrated advantage in business. There is no more important thing than speed.
Like there genuinely is not. If I had to give someone one skill to be successful at anything, it would be the speed at which you can implement, what you can learn, and the speed at which you make decisions.
Because slow decisions will kill momentum and a good exercise or a good, a good way to actually put this into your, like, to visualize it is if you make one decision per week.
You make four decisions per month, but if you make a decision every single day, then you mean, you have 24 more chances to win, 24 more chances to see what works, and if it was that fifth thing, then you just had 23 times to double down on it, where the other person hasn't even got to it yet.
This is why I scaled so fast. This is why I was able to triple my followers, to scale to the right end, 14x the business.
It is because I took the information I was given, and I executed on it the same day. And the thing that I keep repeating to myself this month was that, this is kind of stupid, but if the laws of physics do not deny you from doing something, then there's no reason that you aren't doing it.
If the laws of physics do not deny you from hitting, from going from zero to 300k a month, then why have you not done it yet?
It's simply just lack of making the right decisions or not making them fast enough. Because there is nothing, like it is possible for someone to go from zero to 300k a month.
Is it likely? Absolutely not. But is it possible? Yes. So why is it not happening? And I just went into this month basically just telling myself, why, like, why has it not, why have I not done it already?
And I'm moving at the speed in which I have to, right? And now this month, I'm doing the exact same thing.
I'm trying to do something that's never happened before. Never happened for me, at least, right? But this cannot happen if you move slow.
Now, the second thing is that you have to solve one issue at a time and solve it fast. And I know everyone says this, but I want to, I'm going to give you guys all an exercise to do right now, it'll take like five seconds, to realize how important it is to not have split focus.
So, what I want you to do. So in a second, we're going to have you basically say the ABCs as fast as you can, and why am I going to have you do this?
Because the ABCs is something that all of you are so proficient at that you don't even need to think.
You can see the ABCs so well that it's literally a test to say it backwards when you're drunk. Like, this is something that you're so proficient at that you don't even need to think.
So what I want all of you to do right now is say the ABCs out loud just as fast as you can.
Ready? Go. All right, now on average, that takes around four seconds. Now what I want you to do is count to 25 as fast as you can.
Ready? Go. All right, now that also takes around four seconds on average. So I hope all of you are done right now.
So two things that you're extremely proficient at. Now this is what happens when you multitask. Now what I want you to do is...
Same back and forth. Two things that you're so hyper-proficient at, you should be able to do in eight seconds, but now what I want you to do is A1, B2, C3, all the way throughout the alphabet.
Ready? Go. Alright, you can stop. It's pretty hard, isn't it? So on average, it should take, hypothetically, four seconds, but on average, it takes over two minutes.
20 times the time it should take. Like, this is what happens when you try multitask. And this is just the ABCs.
Now, what would happen if you were to do something like content? Do something like, oh, now I'm going to do content, now I'm going to answer a client, right?
Now I'm going to hop on a call, and I'm going to, like, do something else. Like, it doesn't work.
So you need to stop multitasking because you can't. No matter how good you think you are at multitasking, bro, I just proved you wrong, alright?
You do not know how to multitask because the brain can't do it. And if the brain. If can do it, then it's going to do it at 20 times slower than you could.
So how do you expect to compete with someone who's focusing on one thing at a time and moving at 24 times your rate?
You can't. And that is why it's so important to pick one thing and move at it with speed. So something that I did that I actually got from SooWei is scheduling your days out for founder days and management days, or whatever it's called, where one day I'm just taking calls.
I'm taking calls. I'm handling fires. I'm doing no like content, right? Or maybe like one work block at the beginning, but I'm not, I'm not doing any deep work that has me thinking I'm setting up one time or I'm focusing on one thing that way on my other days where I'm doing no fulfillment, I'm taking zero calls.
I'm not handling fires. I can focus on one thing at a time. I can work at it quickly and I can get it done faster than anybody else.
If you are doing everything every day, you're screwing yourself over. screwing Do Okay? It is so important to schedule out your time.
Like, I do so much in a day, the only reason I'm able to do it is because I have such good time management.
If I had bad time management, I'd be screwed. But it's because, like, I focus on one thing, one thing only, and I do it quickly.
So the key to all this, think the key to growth as a whole, is to be hyper-intentional with what you do, and do it fast.
One thing, quickly. That is the key to how I actually scale. All right, this is kind of a short call.
I wanted to leave a lot of time for Q&A. But how do we like it, guys? Any questions?


@32:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's fire. Everyone clap it up for a while, bro. That was such a fire call.


@32:44 - Reyes Abalos
Wow.


@32:45 - Kevin Walton
Let's go.


@32:46 - wyatt webber
You cooked, bro.


@32:47 - nigeldaley
You cooked, you cooked, you cooked. It's kind of short, man.


@32:49 - wyatt webber
That's all right. That was perfect, bro.


@32:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That was perfect. Yeah, that was sick, man. Honestly. Great job, boy. think, you know, the way that you... One thing that I...
Love is the exercise, bro, the way that you made it so, everyone thinks like, oh, you know, like, it doesn't apply to me, but no, it literally does, you know, so.


@33:07 - wyatt webber
Yeah, yeah, yeah, applies to literally everyone on this birth show. I love it, I love it. All right.


@33:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, guys, let's go ahead and open up the floor for Q&A, what questions you guys have for Wyatt?


@33:17 - wyatt webber
Yeah. Yeah, what we got? Yeah, let's start with, let's start with Joe.


@33:25 - Joe Dooley
Ajani was, it was in front of me, I hope I'm saying your name right, but he raised his hand first if you want to go.
Oh, okay, yeah, he can go first, sorry.


@33:30 - wyatt webber
On my screen it wasn't, but yeah, let's go with Ajani.


@33:33 - Ajani Burgess
I was actually going to say, I did pick my hand after Joe, I think, because my name starts with the A and pop me forward, I'm not sure.
want go, where do want I'll just jump in. So I'm actually curious about your post-booking. So you mentioned that you make it like part of your process to have leads watch your three videos.
Is it contextual to like what their specific issue is, or do you have like evergreen, like three main videos that you have, of just for everyone?
everyone. Just


@34:00 - wyatt webber
Yeah, so I have an actual post booking video, which in this, it basically just walks through, it's like an eight minute video, it's super short, it walks through kind of where I was and where I am now.
And then it just tells them that like the one big shift I made was like this, that or the next, it's basically like what my program is.
And then it just says what to do to be ready for the call, right? So that's the first one.
Then what I'll send them is like one of a few like evergreen videos, like based on kind of where they are, how qualified they are.
So if they're someone who's more of like a beginner, then I'll send them more of like a beginner-esque evergreen one.
If they're more advanced, then I'll send them like a more like advanced one, right? But could you send us this eight minute?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's super simple. It's literally like nothing. And then what I'll do is I'll send them a hyper specific video.
So I'll send them like a YouTube video if they're hyper specific problem. And then if they have any objections or anything like that, a lot of the times I have videos on the back burner that I can post and kind of do that.
So like all of My middle of funnel content is like posted at a specific time, I don't just randomly post it, I used to, but like this past month, it's all been posted at like, at a specific time, so I'll basically, I'll have everything like, pre-made, and then it's like, okay, people in the DMs are dealing with this problem right now, we should post this middle of funnel video, and that's just kind of what we do on a day-to-day basis now.
Hopefully that answered your question.


@35:23 - Ajani Burgess
Yeah, man, thank you, an awesome presentation, by the way, killing it.


@35:28 - wyatt webber
Appreciate it. But yeah, I saw someone ask for the eight-minute video, I can send it in here after, but yeah.
All right, now, Joe, what's up?


@35:39 - Joe Dooley
Well, I'm glad I let Adjani go first, because he, that was actually one of my questions, I've got two for you, I'll make them quick.
The first is, how do you sell your mission in your content, right? Because I imagine you're not setting up your phone saying, my mission is to X, Y, Z, because, you know, it's not going to catch you, no one cares.
So I guess, how do you, how do you do that?


@36:00 - wyatt webber
So I think the big thing is like, if you, if when you're making a video, the whole thing that you're thinking is like, what point am I trying to get across?
Then you're subconsciously going to speak about it more. So every time I script out a video, before I actually write the script, I write, who am I trying to target?
What lesson am I trying to teach? Like, what can I leverage to get that point across? And in doing so, you're going to, you're going to get your mission across, right?
So, I mean, I have said in video straight up, like my mission is this, if it makes sense with the story, right?
But a good example of it would be like in my video where I said I broke my limited beliefs and scaled to 105K a month, right?
I said in the video, like, the reason I was able to scale is because I put my mission first.


@36:48 - Joe Dooley
And then I said what it was.


@36:49 - wyatt webber
So like, in the video's position, as I was just telling them how, but in reality, now I'm telling my audience why they should join.
Right? That I do it, all like, basically like, I kind of give myself a reason to say something I want to say, and then make it make sense with the actual story.
Does make sense? Yeah, it does.


@37:11 - Joe Dooley
Okay, perfect. And then the other question I have is around appointment setting. Very quickly, my main thing, my main issue turned from content to appointment setting, which is great, because the content's starting to work.
When we, I think the first time you and I hopped on one-on-one, you were, you had said you fired your appointment setting and you were doing it yourself.
But I'm assuming now you have somebody from the beginning of the slideshow and he's an A-player appointment setter. So with everything you'd going on, the amount of sales calls and the client fulfillment you need do with everybody coming in, how are you managing appointment setting by yourself?
And then follow up to that is, how did you find what you consider an A-player appointment setter? Because I think finding someone who is an A-player, who's familiar with how to do it, that would be insane for me.


@37:54 - wyatt webber
That would do a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The first thing, it was very tough. So the Big thing is like, at the beginning, I was doing, the beginning of February, I was doing all the appointments setting myself, and I kind of just like, did it where I was nurturing a ton of people, and I didn't book any calls, and I waited for the appointment, so I would actually book calls.
So, we closed 15 clients in February, and every single one of them was after the 14th. So, we like, I just had all these people in the DMs, right, like, literally hundreds of people in the DMs from our content.
So, it was, it was tough. Like, I would say, like, if you're doing DMs yourself, get an appointment setter.
And how I actually got one was through George. I got one through George. Okay.


@38:36 - Joe Dooley
Yeah, I didn't find myself.


@38:37 - wyatt webber
But, I have done, I'm trying to go above and beyond to manage the best I can. So, I'm doing three calls a week with him, and we are, like, messaging, like, not all day long, but we're messaging and keeping each other updated.
He, he joins in on all of my, all of my calls with my clients. Like, not the one-on-ones, but he joins in on all of my group calls.
He has watched every single YouTube video I've ever. I've sent him, like, now, hours of videos to just listen to me talk, to learn how I talk, and the thing is, like, right at the beginning, we made sure our missions were so aligned, he literally told me, bro, if I went back down to zero, he'd stick with me, like, so you need to make sure that your missions are so, so aligned, that, like, they're gonna stick with you regardless of what happens, because then you can hire off of potential, rather than just hiring off of straight skills.
Right, now, I was lucky enough, he is a skilled appointment setter, but it's because he's putting in so much work to actually do, like, we literally have both of our schedules on my calendar, like, we have it perfectly synced up, right, where I know what he's doing at all times of the day, he knows what I'm doing at all times of the day, because, like, in reality, like, they're very responsible for part of you making money, right, like, they're literally handling all the money coming onto your calendar, so you need to make sure that, like, you're
You're aligned at the get-go. Otherwise, you're just screwing yourself a few months down the line. So I'd say finding a good appointment setter, look for someone who has good potential and has similar values to you.
If you find someone that has that, then you're going to be a lot better off and then you can just train them up.


@40:22 - Joe Dooley
Got it. So you more so look for value alignment, same mission, rather than skill. You just kind of got lucky that they have skill because when I hopped on with George a couple days ago and he was like, yo, you're closer.
One of my really good friends who is going to be close if he wants to have volume, like just get him to do it.
was like, oh yeah, makes sense. Yeah.


@40:41 - wyatt webber
Yeah. I'd say a hundred percent because it's one of the things like when you get a team member on, it's almost always going to be one step back, two steps forward type of thing.
So you need to expect like, it's going to be, it's going to be harmed at the get-go. I got very lucky that it wasn't.
But majority of the time when you get a setter on, like you're not going to be just handing off the DMs right away.
You're going to be doing that. We're going to be slowly getting them into it, slowly that, like, but yeah, like we, the thing is, before we even onboarded him, we took like three days for him to just watch a ton of my videos, like basically everything.
He literally has time set up in the day. We have him where he spends like one to two hours in the day just to rewatch stuff and to learn everything about my program so that in the DMs, he can actually talk like he knows what he's talking about, right?
So it's like that. Like if someone actually has the drive, they're going to like, go above and beyond and actually, you know, get good.
Right. And then that's better than someone who is already good and just like, is doing it for commission.


@41:37 - Joe Dooley
Right. A hundred percent. Sweet. Well, I that's it for me. yeah, that's it. Cool. Thanks dude.


@41:45 - wyatt webber
Yeah. Yeah. One more thing I want to touch on that real quick is like, like to show how aligned our values really are.
We were, um, we were like on our call today. Right. And we were going to like, I was going to like transfer, I like to pay him with crypto or whatever.
And he's like, oh yeah, I totally forgot about, I totally forgot about payments. just like enjoy working with you.
Like that right there shows me that I'm doing a good job as a leader. Right now, obviously, obviously still paying him, but like that right there is super important to me, like to know like that they actually, he enjoys working with me and I enjoy working with him.
So we're going to continue to push ourselves forward. I'm going to call him out and he's going to call me up.
Right. I think that's how it has to be.


@42:26 - Joe Dooley
Got it. Okay. You happen to have SOPs on basically like your entire process from like finding hiring and then just like the day-to-day stuff that they're, that he's doing for you?


@42:37 - wyatt webber
Um, I know they, they have them in this program, like in Solve and Mastery.


@42:40 - Joe Dooley
I just, I have those. I was just curious if you had your own. I don't know.


@42:43 - wyatt webber
I don't have anything like crazy. Okay, cool.


@42:46 - Joe Dooley
Oh, nothing.


@42:47 - wyatt webber
Yeah. But good question. Good question. Hopefully I answered it well.


@42:49 - Joe Dooley
Yeah, you did. Awesome. Thanks.


@42:52 - wyatt webber
Yes, sir. I'm not gonna lie. I have no idea whatever the order just pops up randomly. So whoever is next, you can just go.
I literally have no idea. It just swaps around. Pretty sure it was Kevin.


@43:03 - Joe Dooley
I think Kevin's up. He was behind me.


@43:05 - wyatt webber
Next?


@43:06 - Kevin Walton
Okay.


@43:06 - wyatt webber
Kevin, you can go. Yo, what's up, man?


@43:09 - Kevin Walton
Dude, thank you so much for that presentation. Really, really appreciate it, honestly. Of course, man. Of course.


@43:14 - wyatt webber
Really good.


@43:15 - Kevin Walton
Honestly, you're such an inspiration. Like, I cannot, you know, talk about that enough. And content if you're not there yet.
Because a lot of times when you talked about one of your slides, you mentioned, you want to talk about, like, you want to, you don't want to give value.
You want to show how valuable you are. And a lot of those things kind of involve money. How, like, you mentioned, like, you know, just my 45K a month strategy or something.
Like, you know, that kind of example. What would you say if you're not at that point yet? And because I'm not at that point yet.


@43:57 - wyatt webber
Do I even talk about that? Or do I just fully focus? I focus on what I'm good at right now, and eventually when I get there, then I make content around that, because I know it's a really big challenge for me.
Yeah. I would say, so I, before I could actually post about like the money that I made, you can always post about the transformations that your client made, and you can always talk about what your actual mission is long, like long term, and where you see the industry heading and what you actually want to build.
Because if people see that you're extremely driven, even if you haven't got to that point yet, like they believe you're going to.
So like that right there, like every, every person that's at like six figure months right now that like none of them were able to post that they were making six figures at the beginning.
Right. But what they did do is they sold people on being like actually being a part of it at the moment.
I think that's what allowed me to kind of do that. I just started switching my content and it happened fast.
Like I switched my content to simply just start talking about like what I was actually wanting to do with it.
And then instead of teaching, I just showed that I do know what I'm talking about. So about, even if I haven't gotten to the point yet, like I do know what I'm talking about, that's what got people really in.
Does that make sense? Yeah, no, absolutely.


@45:08 - Kevin Walton
No, that's actually super valuable because everything you just explained there, I could do already. So that's, that's great. So, okay.
I don't need to focus on that right now. That's really helpful. And the last, last thing is you're a hundred percent close rate.
I bet this obviously comes from the trust in your content, but are you just so locked in with your DMs to get that a hundred percent close rate?
Cause like, that's, that's crazy.


@45:35 - wyatt webber
Yeah. I just don't understand the process of that.


@45:38 - Kevin Walton
Sorry. Yeah.


@45:39 - wyatt webber
Like, so in DMs, um, yeah, yeah. A hundred percent doesn't even feel real, bro. But every time we hop on a call, it's just like money.
Um, so what we're doing right now is we're doing a very good job at qualifying. Right. So it's like people don't come, people do not get on the call unless, um, unless I'm confident that they're going to close.
Like we just won't book them. If we're not like, this person is going to close, we just won't even book them in, because it's a waste of time.
When you could spend your time that hour making content, that's going to make you more money in the future, right?
Luckily, right now, we have enough leads where we can book two to three calls a day, but only have it be really highly qualified people.
People who are like, they already know. It's like, we take a minimum of 4k up front. Like, they know, right?
And how many calls have we shown? We have a 90% show up rate right now. So we've only had, we've only had like two calls, two calls not show up.
So we have like a 90 or above show up rate at the moment. Someone just asked that message.


@46:41 - Kevin Walton
But yeah, that's like what we're doing right now in the DMs.


@46:43 - wyatt webber
And then the second thing is like handling objections with the content, like posting the videos to pre-handle the objections, that's been huge too.
And if you don't want to go like, go to the point of recording content, like to post it handle one objection, like post it on your story.
I've had that happen before too. Even like in the past, I've had it where people were like, they had an objection.
So I just posted a story talking about it, I just like, I don't I just posted it like it wasn't for them.
And we've had people close because of that. So it's like, people are not going to take it from you if you're telling it to them because they feel like you're going to sell them on something, right?
So if they just happen to see it, like that's kind of what we've been doing. And we've just been trying to get a majority of the sales done, not in the sales call.
Like if we can send them to YouTube to answer a question, like we're just going to send them to YouTube, right?
Instead of just answering it. Like we don't give any information, we don't teach whatsoever in the DMs, anything like that.
We just nurture crazy with content. So then everyone's just pre-sold by the time they hop on to call.


@47:40 - Kevin Walton
Well, that's awesome. Just to quickly add on top of that, I've had a couple of clients before, like they would reach out to me, literally interested to work for me or work with me.
And they would want a link to book to my calendar. So they want to book a call with me.
But at that point... Point, like, I'm in this industry where I already know why they want to book a call, like they want to upgrade their quality in the contest to be able to scale through their brand, through engagement.
And when they asked to book a call with me, I've been told to just stick to the DMing, so that I actually know exactly why they want to book the call.
And I've done that. And then they just, they don't reply, they're gone. So I lost two clients because of that.
And I'm starting to just to believe, in my case, that doesn't quite work. So I'm just wondering what your thoughts on that.
If someone wants to book a call, I know exactly, I know the understanding of why they want to book it.
Should I just send them a link to the calendar or what should I do?


@48:39 - wyatt webber
Yeah. So I had that happen a few times because a lot of the people came in this month, it was CTAs, like a ton of people came through CTAs.
So we had a couple of times where people would come in, get the free resource, watch it, and then ask to book in.


@48:52 - Kevin Walton
We will not book them until they're qualified, right?


@48:54 - wyatt webber
I won't even book people in until they've watched three YouTube videos. Like, even if they go to the YouTube, we had it twice.
Where someone went to the YouTube, and they like used the link on YouTube and booked in, we canceled both calls, and made them watch YouTube first.
Both calls we canceled. And because of that, both people closed. So it's like, even if they want to, right, they want to book the call, if they book in too early, like, not like you're not being rude, you're doing them a disservice by letting them have a call with you that early.
You like your job. How many calls did you have in February? Um, I can look. But I think 15, because that's how many clients we post.
Um, so we, like, we'll simply just not book them in, right? Because for us, like, it, it is extremely important to know, because a lot of time, they could be unqualified, right?
They could be joining for the wrong reasons. They could not know enough about your program. And I want to spend the program, or I want to spend that conversation, knowing everything about them, so that I can actually go in depth into how we can help them.


@49:59 - Kevin Walton
No, next. Okay, I just gotta be more strict with it, because yeah, I always worry that I'm going to miss out on that, because I, yeah, like it's a fear thing, you know, so.
Yeah, that makes sense. No, I appreciate it, dude, this presentation was amazing, I really, thank you for doing this.
Of course, of course, of course.


@50:18 - wyatt webber
All right, who is next? I have Nigel on mine for next, is that correct? Uh, let's go with Nigel.


@50:29 - nigeldaley
I I think, um, someone was before me. Who was it?


@50:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It should be Ismael, Pedro, Kennedy, and Alejandro. Why does it not show the order at all, man?


@50:37 - wyatt webber
They, they're literally like swapping every time someone talks.


@50:40 - nigeldaley
I'll be patient, I'll wait my turn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go.


@50:44 - Ismael Gomez III
Yeah, thanks for the presentation, bro. That was really, was really fire. And, um, knowing that you're 19, and you're doing all this, like I'm 36, and you're almost half my age, and I can imagine me at 19, doing what you're doing, it's, it's amazing.
So congratulations. I just wanted to... Kind of like ask you about the appointment setting, like in the DMs, if you can break down, what does that look like, like from beginning to end, so somebody sends you a keyword, asking for the lead magnet, so they get the many chat, and then the setter speaks to them, like how does that look like from beginning to end, the clients that you actually closed?


@51:24 - wyatt webber
Yeah, so what it would look like is basically, let's say they reach out for the automation, right, they get the video, then immediately what I say is like, I'll be like, hey man, like I saw you reached out for this, like what are you trying to solve, I'll send you over something more specific.
That way, immediately, they're going to go into what their problem is, and they're going to be like getting something free.
So that's how we've been starting like a ton of these conversations, just straight up telling them like, I'll just send you more stuff, because then they pretty much always answer.
We have an insane response, right, but it's because like every single message we send, it's like for them, right, like I'll send you more stuff, or like I'll help you out here, I'll help you out there, and then like.
Like a lot of time, just don't even send it until the very end, right? And it's the same stuff we would send anyways, but that's how we start them.
And then we just do it. We do the normal thing, right? Ask them kind of what they're trying to solve.
We build a little bit of rapport there. We get into kind of what their goal actually looks like, then like the emotional aspect of their goal, the pains, like it's normal after that.
But like what we really are focusing on is extremely personalized. So we're actually lowering the amount of outreach we do right now so that we can focus on like being very personalized.
And that's like part of the like high close rate. So right now we are doing 130 touch points a day on average.
So we're doing around 100 follow-ups and 30 outreach. So we're focusing a lot more on the actual follow-ups, right?
And in doing so, it's personalized every single time. So like, like my setter is working for probably like 12 to 16 hours a day.
But he loves it, right? He even told me, but no, he's a killer, bro. He's a killer. But he's working genuinely like I have his calendar.
He wakes up at 12. Like, he wakes up at midnight, our time, and then he goes to bed at like an insanely late time.


@53:05 - Ismael Gomez III
How did you, how did you find him?


@53:08 - wyatt webber
I found him through George. Okay.


@53:10 - Ismael Gomez III
So George just hooks me up with him.


@53:12 - wyatt webber
But I think like the one thing, the reason is because like, he's told me, he's like, I've never worked this hard before on other programs ever.
But he's like, I've never, I've never agreed with any other programs either. So it's because like, he actually resonated with my business mission.
Right. And that's why he's working so hard. Right now I'm working harder than ever too. Because like, I'll straight up tell him, I'll be like, like two calls a day is the minimum, right?
Like two calls a is the minimum. And we a hundred percent have the leads for it. he's like, yep.
So for you, I want this many leads a day. That's the minimum. So that's what I do. Right. And we're just continually raising it more and more.
So now he, he came to me. He's like, I think I can get five calls a day. And I'm like, all right, how many leads do you need?
Right. So it's like the, the biggest thing with appointment setting is I would say, do you, do you have a setter right now?


@53:58 - Ismael Gomez III
I do, but I feel. But, you know, I have a, the problem is with me, I'm getting okay leads, but it's, it's like, I have a massive following, so sometimes, these women, the ones that I deal with, it's like, imagine if her Mousy was DMing you, that's what they feel, it's, it feels kind of fake, for some of them, it's like, why is he DMing me, like, he's supposed to be somebody famous, you know, so it's, it's hard for me sometimes in the DMs, if they come and ask, like that, not outreaching, if they come to me, and they're really asking questions, then, those are easier to convert, so I have to create more content, where I get more inbound, for me to do that, is what I'm realizing.


@54:39 - wyatt webber
Yeah, yeah, you gotta lock in the, the CTA videos, like, we had an insane amount of leads coming, just because, like, our CTA, like, we can, I can post a CTA on any video, and we have people come to every single time, so, like, locking in that would be very useful, and if, if what you're giving them is actually valuable, they're gonna reach out for it every single time, that's what I would, like, say, I feel like that would be pretty big.
Thank


@55:00 - Ismael Gomez III
Thanks. Appreciate it. All right.


@55:01 - wyatt webber
Perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much. All right. I forgot the order. Who's next? I think it was Kennedy.


@55:09 - Pedro Oliveira
I think it's me. Yeah, my bad, bro.


@55:12 - wyatt webber
Yeah, my bad. No, you're good.


@55:14 - Pedro Oliveira
Can you hear me okay?


@55:15 - wyatt webber
Yes, I can hear you.


@55:17 - Pedro Oliveira
Dude, call was good. I love the insight they gave on, like, researching on different niches and, like, different creators.
That's really good. I had three questions. One of them was answered. I was going to ask, like, your setters hours and 16 hours a day or, like, however many hours is crazy.


@55:34 - wyatt webber
Yeah, like, 12 to 16 is insane, yeah. That's crazy, yeah.


@55:38 - Pedro Oliveira
So, now that answers my question. So, I feel like, I mean, I know I have similar niches. My main question is how do you qualify those people before you book them in?
Because I get a lot of guys who are straight up, like, money.


@55:55 - wyatt webber
And I feel like beginners. Can you hear me okay?


@55:59 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. You're... Back then, but yeah, I didn't hear what you said, you said straight up and then it cut up.
So, yeah, so, did you hear, up until when did you hear me?


@56:09 - wyatt webber
I heard you say, I have people who are straight up and then it just cut up.


@56:12 - Pedro Oliveira
Broke, broke, they were straight up broke. And so, my main question is like, how do you pre-qualify them before you even push them to call?


@56:21 - wyatt webber
I would say that's a constant issue. Like, if you're, if all of the leads that you're getting are broke, or if like a lot of them are, then that's like a constant issue where you're like, you're not attracting like qualified people.
So, that's where you need to look in your videos and make sure that something that you're doing is like pre-qualifying.
Like, if they resonate with it, okay, that probably means they're qualified. So, that's where you have to be very careful with like what you say.
Like, for example, if you're doing like a story video and you're talking about pain points and you're like, before you're like, I was broke, I was so like unmotivated, I didn't do anything, I was fat, I was lazy.
You're going to get a whole bunch of people who are broke, fat, and lazy. I I was burnt out.
I was worried. Working long hours, like I had no drive, no ambition, then you're going to be getting people who are working long hours, burnt out, and probably have money.
So it's like, you have to think in your content, like, what are you saying? And what you say needs to resonate with a lot of people, but mostly with the people who are qualified.
And that's kind of why before I write out videos, I write out who I'm trying to target, like what part of the story, like the lesson, how can I say that?
So it will resonate with the people I want the most. And that's kind of what I do. So it's, it's a big, like, it's a constant thing.
Like if people aren't qualified in the DMs, um, that all comes down to content.


@57:40 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. Cool. Um, and then last question. Um, so in regards to the YouTube videos, you want them to always watch at least like two to three videos before they book.
Um, but I do just send them as soon as they mention an issue, like you don't even expand, you just boom video.
No, the thing with.


@58:00 - wyatt webber
Fathom is, you have to pitch them, you have to sell them on the video too, like that's a problem, a lot of people have an insane drop off, because all they do is send a video, but you need to sell people on wanting to watch the video too, so do the same thing, be like, I actually, like, let's say they have a problem, be like, yeah, like I have something that could solve that specific thing, goes over this, this, this, like, would that be something you want to take a look at?
And if they're like, yeah, then send it to but you have to sell them on that too, because otherwise they're just gonna, oh, he's just sending me a video, you what mean?
So that's how I do. And like, it depends on the niche too, like, if you're doing fitness coaching, your niche might be less, like, less sophisticated, if you're doing like insane B2B stuff, you might be more sophisticated, you send them something that's way longer.
So it all comes down to kind of your audience and like what you feel, like how many videos or how much time they spend with you really makes them look.


@58:49 - Pedro Oliveira
But thank you, bro. That's helpful.


@58:51 - wyatt webber
Yes, sir. Sure. Okay, now is it Kennedy?


@58:55 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah. Awesome call, Wyatt. It was good. I think the big The thing that stood out to me was like, how you talked about like, one, the exercise, because I had the ABC, whatever, and one, two, threes, or yeah, your numbers, I feel as though that's kind of like what I'm stuck in.
I have so many things like that I'm doing at one time, but it's almost like, how do I get out of that trap?
You know what I mean? Because I'm like working on a bunch of things, honestly, that needs to get done.
So I'm curious about your founder days, like what that kind of looks like, where you said you have like, no calls, is blocked off, or something like that, and then your manager days.
Yeah, I'm just curious about what that looks like, specifically, so I could try to like, replicate that as best as possible.


@59:43 - wyatt webber
Yeah, I can try and like, I can just show my calendar for this week, and then explain it.


@59:49 - Kennedy Davis
Okay, but.


@59:51 - wyatt webber
Okay, so. Okay, wait. Where did the call go? I just lost the call, the link for it. Oh, found it.
SCREEN SHARING: Wyatt started screen sharing - WATCH
Okay. Now I can show my screen. So this is what my weeks look like right now. So let me actually, let me go to an empty week so you can see what an empty week.
So this is what it looks, can you see this by the way?


@1:00:16 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah.


@1:00:17 - wyatt webber
This is what it would look like pre-built out, right? With like no calls booked, nothing like that. So, or this way.
So how I have it is I have management days. So Sundays, Wednesdays, and Fridays where I don't really do any deep work, right?
Or I'll have like one deep work session. But basically all I'm doing is calls back to back to back to back and handling fires.
And now in between these, let's say I like, I have calls throughout this whole period, right? And then I don't have any calls right here.
Then I can do some of the urgent stuff that doesn't take a ton of focus, right? I can do some of the urgent work that's like, it's okay if I don't spend like all of my priority on it.
But on these days, like this is fulfillment and fires. I do no deep work, because I know, like, if I just do the deep work on a different day, where I can focus on it 100%, I'm going to be able to do it at 24 times the efficiency, right?
So that's what these days look like, and then on founder days, the only calls that I have, I have the group calls, right?
So like, this is a group call with my clients, but I don't even really show up to the group calls a lot, but just deep work, like nothing else, and the reason that I do that is because then I can, I know there's no fires, fires will be handled.
So I will basically just pick what is like the top priority, what is like the one biggest problem in my business right now, and I'm going to spend like the first, I don't know, like half of my day solving that problem, okay?
And solving that problem only. And now after that, then I can do the stuff that actually needs to be done.
So like if my A plus problem is content, right? Okay, I'm going to be spending my morning, it could be like researching content and like scripting or recording, right?
And a lot of the time I spend my mornings doing content. Research, and doing market research, and stuff like that, that's what I do, and scripting it out, and then I'll record like all my content in like one go, or something like that, but this is kind of what my days look like, right, I don't, like I don't, it doesn't really go off track into this, and I pretty much work all along.


@1:02:16 - Kennedy Davis
And when you say fires, sorry, I'm not familiar with that, you mean like sales calls or like, like DMs, like what do you mean fires?


@1:02:22 - wyatt webber
Like sales calls, like fulfillment, like any little issue that I need to solve, I guess, because they pop up, you know what mean, like things that you need to do for people, stuff like that, but yeah, I don't, like I don't do any of that on those days, and then yeah, someone asked, I, yeah, I only take sales calls on Sundays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.


@1:02:44 - Kennedy Davis
Sundays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, wow.


@1:02:46 - wyatt webber
Yeah, so we just have, I literally have calls like on these days, from like, like it's like throughout the, like the whole day I'm on calls.


@1:02:55 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah. So, yeah.


@1:02:57 - wyatt webber
Okay, cool.


@1:02:57 - Kennedy Davis
Cool. And, like, when you say, look, taking care of, like, so, like, on founder days, it's really, like, your clients don't really bother you.
You're, like, they know, like, because they know, yeah.


@1:03:10 - wyatt webber
So, like, that's where it goes, like, going above and beyond for your clients. I will, like, do fulfillment. I'm actually, like, right now, I'm in the process of, like, hiring on more people, right?
So I don't have to take calls all the time. But my clients know, like, yeah, I'm, like, my founder days, like, they'll, like, message me, they'll DM me, and I'll answer, like, when I'm done with my stuff.
We have so many different spots they can get information from, they don't have to, right? Like, I rarely get messages from my clients, like, having them solve a problem, just because they have, like, it's set up where they have other spots they can go.
They don't need to come to me. You know what I mean? And I only am trying to get it even better, where they only come to me, like, when they need something.
Absolutely. It's, like, a huge decision in their business. Otherwise, like, they don't. But yeah, no, I'm on a lot of calls right now.
And I've gotten to the point right now where, like, it is a priority. Like, my A-plus problem right now is, like,
Like, my time. So I need to hire on new people to kind of solve that issue as well. Yeah.
Appreciate it.


@1:04:06 - Kennedy Davis
Thank you.


@1:04:07 - wyatt webber
Of course, of course. All right. Nigel, what's up? Yeah. Well, the biggest thing for me was I wanted to see what your calendar looked like, bro.
I wanted to see what your founder days were about it.


@1:04:16 - nigeldaley
I wanted to see what your fire days were. So Kennedy's question actually answered a bit of mine, but then you dropped this one liner in the presentation somewhere, which, first and foremost, that was a great presentation, bro.
And, um, good work, but you dropped one liner and it was about something physics, bro, but it just stuck with me the whole time.
So you got, you got to drop it again. What was it ever?


@1:04:40 - wyatt webber
I said, if the laws of physics don't like deny you from doing something, then why are you not doing it?
Like, why have you not done it already? Or there's nothing stopping you from doing it. You know what mean?
Like there's literally nothing, like there's no actual thing stopping you from hitting 300 K a month this month. Like it is possible.
So why are you not doing everything? don't everything. And your power to do it, like, if you're, like, at the spot where there's, like, one thing, yeah, if you're at the spot where there's, like, one thing really holding you back, like, for example, I don't know, whatever someone's A-plus problem is, there's no reason that you, if someone's A-plus problem is content, there's nothing stopping them from spending 12 hours in a day scripting or recording videos, but nobody does it, right?
It's like, if you made every single right decision, there's no limit to how much you could make. Like, could genuinely, someone could genuinely go from zero and make a million dollars in one month.
It is physically possible. It doesn't, there's nothing that goes against it. So, like, why haven't you yet? And I think that limiting belief right there, like, that went crazy for me.
I heard that, I don't know if I heard that somewhere, or if, like, I saw it in, like, a TV show or something.
I think I would, bro, I was watching The Flash.


@1:05:49 - nigeldaley
That's so stupid.


@1:05:51 - wyatt webber
And someone said that, someone, like, said that, and I'm like, bro, holy, and that, like, I said that at the beginning of February, bro, and that was, yeah, that was crazy.
No, I heard that.


@1:06:01 - nigeldaley
I'm like, yo, I have to stop and think, that's so facts, bro. But yeah, that was a banger. And I guess, with that being said, I sort of guess that was like one of the biggest things, mentality-wise, heading into February, you sort of just had is just like, yo, there really isn't anything in front of me that's stopping from getting this done now.
And that's sort of just why you move with so much speed.


@1:06:26 - wyatt webber
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I think I just expected it. I went into February, I'm like, all I've just decided, like, this is it, I'm hitting 100k this month.


@1:06:32 - nigeldaley
And then like, I truly did just, I believed I was going to.


@1:06:36 - wyatt webber
So I just did everything I needed to to actually make it happen. You know what mean? And I feel like I didn't even like, like, yes, I worked fast, but I don't even feel like I worked like more than I did on average.
I was just working like, I don't know, like, more efficiently. That's it, I just moved faster, but I was spending the same amount of time working.
So like, why are you not like, why are people not spending their time just moving more efficiently and on the things that really matter?
But you're going to scale way faster than can possibly imagine.


@1:07:03 - nigeldaley
Yeah. But have to actually believe you're going to.


@1:07:05 - wyatt webber
Like, if you go into a month being like, oh, like, I don't know how this month is going to go.
Like, that month is not going to go. You know what mean? Like, that month is going to suck. So you have to truly believe.
Like, I believed with no doubt in my mind. Like, I'm going to hit 100K this month. I'm just going to make it happen, no matter what I have to do.
And then I did. And I think that's just what you need to do.


@1:07:24 - nigeldaley
Okay, bud. Well, I won't hold everyone up. I'll text you, bro. But good job today, bro. Crushed it.


@1:07:32 - wyatt webber
Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. All right. Johnny, last person raising their hand, I think.


@1:07:38 - Ajani Burgess
Appreciate it. Appreciate it. So I think you touched on it before. But in terms of the nurturing and when you get them ready for the call, you said that you there's a process that you have to kind of drop the price.
And I was just curious, like, is it like a form that you send? Or is it in like your video where you kind of break it down?
I was just curious if you could clarify how you...


@1:08:00 - wyatt webber
So yeah, yeah, so I don't just like drop, I don't like drop the price or just tell everyone before the call, like I don't do that, but like, we will, like we've qualified people where if people are like, I will be like financially qualifying them, right, seeing like how much they have.
And if people are like, not financially qualifying, like I'll straight up just say, like, we take a minimum 4k, because I'm not going to waste my time with unqualified leads, right?
And doing that, we've had people book, and we've had people not book, right? And if the people aren't going to book, then they were not going to be a good fit anyways.
Right? So like that right there, I like, not a lot of people do it, right? And I wouldn't even recommend people do it.
But because we have so many leads right now, that it doesn't matter. Like, I'm able to say it. And because I'm so confident in my program, like, the clients who join even say that they expected it to be more.
Right? And we charge 10k right now. So it's like, 4k, if I'm just going to straight up tell you, it's minimum 4k.
I'm going to get the people that are like, Okay. I'm not going to, because we don't do, we don't do booking links.
We don't do any of that. manually book everyone in like my setter does. We straight up say like, what's your email?
And does this time work? And we book them in. So we have to financially qualify them. So if they're not like, if they're not really working with us, we'll straight up just tell them, right?
I don't want to work with people who aren't just going to be like transparent with me because I'm going to be transparent with them.


@1:09:20 - Ajani Burgess
So fire, man. Appreciate it. Thanks.


@1:09:23 - wyatt webber
Of course. Ooh, that's one big thing too, that manually booking people in was a huge game changer this month.
It made the actual like pitch to book rate, like way higher. We'll just say, we'll, we'll just basically like do a good job at, at financially qualifying people and then just ask them or, and then we'll just say like, like, does this day in this time work for you?
And it's been like, that's been huge. So for anyone who's like, has a lot of resistance when you actually send the link, people just drop off.
Um, you can try that.


@1:09:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, think. Everyone in this call is like kind of just lost for words as to the value provided and the amount of limiting beliefs you broke, so good , good , man, I think the presentation was amazing, the analogies you used was great, perfect balance of presentation and also the Q&A time, so you guys all enjoyed that?
You guys, you got, it was sick? Fire, fire, fire. Glad you guys loved it, glad you guys loved it.
Let's run it. And the thing is like, I want you guys to look at this and be like, why isn't that me?
Why aren't I in that position presenting to everybody else on what I did to scale? You know what I mean?
Like that should be your thought process right now. Like you guys do 100k a month, stage is yours, you know what I mean?
Stage is yours, let's make it happen. I don't see why not. So I want you guys to strive to be in a position like this where you're sharing the value, you're sharing everything because it's not about the money, it's about the, like, I can tell you.
Like even why can back me up on this, not actually about making this amount, it's about fulfilling your potential of knowing that you could do it, and also inspiring the people around you to show them that they can do it as well because you did.


@1:11:10 - wyatt webber
Yeah. That's the biggest thing.


@1:11:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So I think like, probably for a this is a more fulfilling moment than actually hitting the 100k because now you can inspire all these guys.


@1:11:20 - wyatt webber
Yeah, I told myself, I was like, I was very like at 100k, bro. I told myself like 10k a month.
I'm like, if I ever hit 100k, I'm buying a new Rolex. I'm like, I'm going to get a new car.
I'm getting this. I don't even want any of it now. Just like, just doing it was so much better.
Now I'm just like, all right, now I just want to do 200k, make the program. Exactly.


@1:11:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's about the person you become when you, when you strive for a goal like this. So I want every single one of you to leave this call, be inspired, have action items and block up the next one or two hours.
Go to work, you know, go to work, go implement everything that you talked about. Again, one thing that Wyatt mentioned that I can't agree more of is speed.
If you don't have speed, and you're not implementing at the rate that you need to implement at, People are going to run laps around you, they're going to run laps around you, and you guys have all been in the space for at least a year now, you know, I think that's safe to assume, run, like, move with more speed, that's like the number one takeaway you should take away from this whole call, you know, you're 30 days away from a life-changing month that'll set your standard over here, okay, so hope you guys all enjoyed that call, Wyatt, appreciate you hopping on and creating that whole pitch.
I that presentation, it was amazing, and I'll see you guys on the Friday call, all right?


@1:12:34 - wyatt webber
All right, thanks everyone for joining, later, everyone.


@1:12:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Have a good one, peace. Appreciate it, bro.


@1:12:39 - Pedro Oliveira
you guys, have a good one.


@1:12:40 - maeva
Thanks, guys.


@1:12:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Peace, peace, peace. Wyatt, that was fire, bro.


@1:12:46 - wyatt webber
Yeah? That was sick, that was really cool.


@1:12:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's funny, like, I've done presentations, like, for so long, all my clients, everything, I was lucky, nervous. Like, this
That's a big presentation.


@1:13:01 - wyatt webber
Like, not even just people, just like, big time in my life, Brian.


@1:13:04 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, man. Big time in my life. I think it's like the, the coolest thing about all this is that you're really inspiring people, man.
You know, like I said, it's not about the, it's not about the cash. It's about what you do with the cash and all that.
So good on you, bro. Good on you. You're, you're young, you're crushing it. And I want to take you to the next level.
want to take you under my wing. And there's so many things that you haven't implemented. That would make you even more.
So yeah.


@1:13:33 - wyatt webber
Yeah.


@1:13:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The next thing is going to be that team.


@1:13:38 - wyatt webber
Like hiring. It's going to be huge. That's going to be huge.


@1:13:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The team, the performance stuff and man, like let's have fun with it. You know, enjoy, enjoy the journey. Let's run it.
Yeah.


@1:13:49 - wyatt webber
Oh, thank you so much, You truly like, you changed not just my business, but like my life has actually changed.
This program has changed my life, man. And like, it's just insane. Not even just the information, just like, Just the community, right?
Just being part of it. It's huge. yeah. Yeah.


@1:14:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you so much, bro. Whoa, we gotta get a client interview, man. Come on.


@1:14:09 - wyatt webber
We'll save it, we'll save it for in person. I think that'll be sick. Yeah.


@1:14:13 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm gonna pull up to Miami sometime in like mid, mid, late April. So we'll save it for then.


@1:14:19 - wyatt webber
But I'm not proud of you, bro.


@1:14:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You, you, you came a long way since the, the why that joined at 7.5 came up.


@1:14:25 - wyatt webber
So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the crazy thing too, is like, I've only been running this offer for like five, six months now as well.
Oh gosh.


@1:14:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You hit it in like record time. You hit it faster than I did. And it's like, I just want to speed up your progress because I can save you for all the mistakes and lessons that I, that I had to go through in order to get to this point.
Like, that's what I want to do. You know what I mean? like, yeah, bro, it's just, I think that when we hop on call like every other week, it's just going to break so many limiting beliefs for you.
Hold yourself to a way higher standard. Like from now on a hundred came up as the bear. The bro.
Anything below that? Terrible, you know? Yeah, yeah.


@1:15:05 - wyatt webber
That's how I'm already thinking, man. I'm already thinking, I'm like, okay, I have, like, 100k, it has to be the minimum, you know what I mean?
Like, but yeah, let's make it happen. I think my setter is, my setter is also, he's like, he's generally like, I think we can, like, he's like, I think I can, I can get to, three to five calls a day.
I'm like, let's make it happen. Yeah. That's, like, long-term asset you got to protect, man, straight up. Yeah, man, I know.
That's sad, so.


@1:15:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't know. Yeah, it's working out perfect, but yeah, good stuff so far, brother. Let's keep on crushing it.
Of course.


@1:15:37 - wyatt webber
We'll speak on Monday, and we'll take it from there, all right? Sure. All right. Later, man. Thank you so much.
bro. See ya.


Q&A call with Soowei - February 27
Q&A call with Soowei - February 27


VIEW RECORDING - 54 mins (No highlights)




@0:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's going on, guys? Finn, how are you doing, brother?


@0:09 - Fynn Lühdorff
I'm doing well. How about you?


@0:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Blessed, brother. Blessed, blessed, blessed. I can't complain at all. Can't complain. Awesome, awesome.


@0:16 - Fynn Lühdorff
Are you in the co-working space right now?


@0:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Guess what country I'm in.


@0:21 - Fynn Lühdorff
Wait, France?


@0:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I was in France. I'm in Copenhagen, bro.


@0:27 - Fynn Lühdorff
Copenhagen, Denmark.


@0:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
First time here, just exploring. I met my ads guy here, actually, so it was really cool. But overall, just like, you know, just traveling while we can, and just putting in like a very, very big morning shift, and then exploring the city in the afternoon and night.
Sick.


@0:46 - Fynn Lühdorff
Very sick.


@0:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're just in Dubai, yeah? You're just chilling there?


@0:50 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, entire day, all calls, but you know, I just want to do them in one day, and then afterwards I can focus.


@0:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. I love it. You understand. I it. it. And... The strat now, bro, you understand the word?


@1:01 - Fynn Lühdorff
yeah. Good .


@1:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jakob, how you doing, brother? You all good?


@1:06 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, it's all good, all good.


@1:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What you been up to recently, bro?


@1:13 - Jakob Schnitzler
Just content in general. My brother was here the last month, so we dialed in a lot of like the setting and everything, so it's gonna be huge, like the next month is gonna be huge.
And it just made click for me, like with like the top of funnel, middle of funnel intention, what it really means with content.
Like, I don't know, it like, there's like more and more moments where, where everything comes together. And the funny thing is like, it's like stuff you guys say, like a hundred times.
Yeah. But like, then it's like, oh, that's what he meant.


@1:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, I keep getting those epiphanies.


@1:48 - Jakob Schnitzler
So, bro, it's gonna be huge.


@1:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sometimes you just need to hear it in a different light. And then once you hear it in that specific way, it suddenly clicks with you.
And then it's like, oh my goodness. I couldn't even believe. You know, and I see Joe nodding his head, Joe, Joe figured out the content stuff as well recently.
Oh yeah. In like a week.


@2:05 - Joe Dooley
Yeah.


@2:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How was that, man? It's been good, brother.


@2:10 - Joe Dooley
Um, got another close last night. So we're at 6k rev for the week, um, which is dope. Um, but yeah, like I'm so like, Monday's only week three of being here.
And like week one, like I said, it was just me kind of like taking in all the info.


@2:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
This is really the first week of full implementation. Mm hmm. And, it's been good, man.


@2:29 - Joe Dooley
March is looking like an insane month, not only for this, but for my other business as well. I think, uh, I think I can hit a hundred K between the two of them.


@2:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh yeah. Let's do it, man.


@2:39 - Joe Dooley
Let's make happen, man.


@2:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's make it happen.


@2:42 - Joe Dooley
Absolutely. I see it.


@2:43 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm looking forward to that.


@2:45 - Joe Dooley
It'll be fun.


@2:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. One thing I want to give you real credit for is like, man, you implement advice fast. I told you the first impression was just like not good.
It was terrible. And then boom, you bought the lighting, you bought the, you know, you're back. Those are much nicer.
Like your cheerless video popped off, I think in large part because of the format, but also because of, man, your perception is just so much better.
So good stuff on just implementing Fathom. Thank That's what we need, right?


@3:12 - Joe Dooley
Yeah, absolutely. I appreciate it.


@3:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Jamar, how's it going, bro?


@3:18 - Jomar Baterina
Yo, what's up, bro? How are you?


@3:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good. I saw you hit a nice 20k this month, yeah?


@3:24 - Jomar Baterina
Honestly, it should have been way more. Just like, I was honestly moving slow. But yeah, like next month, it's going to be huge.
And I already know it for a fact.


@3:32 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What was the, what were you making before?


@3:36 - Jomar Baterina
Before I joined, I was at 6k.


@3:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
6k. So you already tripled and you know, like you literally said it yourself, you kind of like, you move slow.
So March, I want every single one of you to have more intention of everything that you do, move with more speed, move with more clarity.
Because every single, every single one of you knows what you got to do. just got to implement that .


@3:53 - Jomar Baterina
So let's run it, bro.


@3:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
20k, triple the business, so I'm calm. No, let's aim for 50, all right?


@4:00 - Jomar Baterina
100%, bro, I got you. Make it happen.


@4:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Appreciate it. Cool, guys. Let's go ahead and get started with this Q&A. It's to be nothing crazy. We're just going to do a quick little Q&A.
And, yeah, I want to just kind of go off of what we were doing in the Wednesday call and just really give you guys actual feedback that you guys can implement.
So whatever questions you guys have, feel free to unmute. We'll take it from there and we'll get it going.
Aaron, what's up, man?


@4:30 - Aaran A
I just wanted to ask, do you guys have internally like a roadmap? So you've got like the roadmap for the clients to go through, which is great.
That's been a game change for our business. But do you guys have one like internally, especially more for like a done for you side, where it's like, has the client done the whatever it's going to be, referral SOP?
Have they done the cash injection? Do you guys make note of that all the way throughout? Or is it more emphasis on the client to do the work?


@4:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
We have it on the onboarding. But then again, it's not something that we're We're going to share, because that's like, that's like, we can share the roadmap, because that's all client facing.
But in terms of like the actual, like, team facing stuff, we're just not going to share that. But we do have a lot of like, checklists, but it's essentially what the client onboarding is.
But in terms of like the team's perspective, you know what I mean? And so the CSM is going there, checking it off and all that.
So it's not as complex as you think it is. It's very simple. It's just more client, it's more team facing than it is client facing.


@5:31 - Aaran A
That's fine. Yeah, I wouldn't expect you to share either. It's just me and James have, we've been doing calls, and we've been splitting them.
So I'll do like sales and strategy, James will do all the back end stuff, making sure the CRM is there.


@5:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But then James has like a tick list, which is really easy for him to follow, like has this been done, but I don't really have one.
So I'll, I had a call with a client yesterday, and he isn't collecting any testimonials.


@5:50 - Aaran A
And his YouTube was all over the place. So I had a conversation with him and then say two weeks will go by and I'll forget and I don't know if he's done it or not.
So I'm thinking of just building that one from our perspective. But it sounds like you guys do that. But you're just not over-complicating the process, right?
Yeah, you don't over-complicate it.


@6:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So every time you do a one-on-one call, you upload it in a Notion Tracker, or you can look at the clients in a Notion database, and then you take it from there.
But it shouldn't be anything too crazy. Just one-line summaries, Fathom links, all that, you should be good to go.
Okay? Sounds good.


@6:19 - Aaran A
Cheers. Awesome. Finn, what's up, brother?


@6:22 - Fynn Lühdorff
What's up, what's up? So correct me if I'm wrong, but there's no actual SOP for upselling, right?


@6:28 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's in the inner circle. So that's a, like, we don't want to kind of, like, bombardry guys with too much stuff, simply because, like, we help you book more calls.
And, yeah, it's just not part of the, like, CM as a flagship offer.


@6:44 - Fynn Lühdorff
All right, got it. Now, it's not, it's also not for me, it's for a client that, like, feels like he can do a lot more money from his existing clients.


@6:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, yeah, cool.


@6:53 - Fynn Lühdorff
Awesome.


@6:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. All right.


@6:55 - Fynn Lühdorff
Just, yeah? Yeah, yeah.


@6:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I'm just saying, cool. So this is just for a client, right?


@6:59 - Fynn Lühdorff
Cool. Sorry to say again? It's just for your client, or what?


@7:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No, no worries.


@7:04 - Fynn Lühdorff
I'm not doing that.


@7:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. All right. That's the question? That's it?


@7:11 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, yeah. I have another one. Obviously, it depends on the business, but where do you feel like it makes sense to start doing some things automated?
Because I've been doing that when I was really doing low numbers, and now I'm making more. And I still can possibly handle that, but I'm getting into it.
Does it make sense to focus on automating everything? Or should I like, where's the benchmark? Would you say that it makes sense to automate from revenue-wise?


@7:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You got to ask yourself, if it's a competitive advantage, you don't want to automate it. You don't want to automate it, simply because if you automate it, that means your market will increase their skill level and their gap, and it will close in on the gap between how good you are compared to the competitors that you're facing.
more And it's Thank And over time, they'll catch up because you automated that process and you thought you were a smartass, you know?
So essentially, things for me that I automate that are repetitive, that don't really have a competitive advantage, client onboarding, you know?
Client onboarding is a big one that is super, super important that you can just automate, like, you build it out once, you automate it.
Client, I would say, like, client check-ins, you know, group call announcements, stuff like that. Like, you can automate it to get the idea out where it's, like, you keep them accountable.
And then when it comes to personalization, obviously, you still add in your twist and all that. But it's just, like, what can you do that's repetitive, that doesn't build leverage?
You can automate, okay? Awesome.


@8:45 - Fynn Lühdorff
Thank you so much. Cool.


@8:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. I want to dive into specific things, actually. Aaron, I'll answer your question in a bit, but I really want to dive into, like, specific questions because I, like, for Jamar, you know, for you, I want to talk about...
What specifically you think is slow, which is why you're stuck. So you obviously went from 6k to 20k, which is decent, you know, like, that's, that's really cool.
You tripled the biz already. But what is specifically slow about this month in the input side of things?


@9:15 - Jomar Baterina
For me, it's kind of just like, honestly, just content. I've just been like super slow and like ideation, like scripting and everything like that.
I already kind of know, I got more of an idea, like what I got to do. It's kind of just I haven't been able to do it.
But also like fulfillment wise, like I've been dialed in on that. And like upgraded like the entire like offer in general.
I've been working on that, but now it's kind of just like, if I just log in on like the content itself, then I feel like it should be just super dialed as well as obviously like point my setting of sales and everything like that.


@9:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. How, how many of you feel like that as well? Kennedy, Joe, Dylan, Andrew, you guys feel, Jacob, do you guys feel like that as well?
Mark?


@9:53 - Joe Dooley
I just got back from grammar coffee. I'm sorry. I didn't hear that part.


@9:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Uh, you know, he was just saying like. He knows what he has to do, but it's just a matter of just doing it and executing it.


@10:04 - Joe Dooley
no, that's not a problem for me. I just, I just go.


@10:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Okay. Okay. So Joe, in your opinion, what do you think Jomar could benefit most with? Like, what is the, why is there no gap between the insight and just the implementation?


@10:23 - Joe Dooley
Why would you spend the amount of money that we've all spent to be here if you're not just going to implement?
What's the point? Why, why waste your time and everybody else's time here and your client's time because there's people out there who need you, bro.
And by not doing what you know you need to do and implementing fast, you're doing a disservice to your, the people who need you.
I think that's like the biggest mindset shift for me. When I, when I just bought from like, there's people who need me, bro.
There's people who need what I do and I'm doing them a disservice if I don't implement. Go, go, go, go.
There's no reason enough.


@11:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, the phrase I love is like, if you're not the one signing these clients, and you're not the one nurturing them and building that trust, somebody else is doing it.
And somebody else is taking their, your clients money. These are your clients that money should be in your pockets, and the impact should be created by you.
But instead, there's some guy that's half your skill, half your knowledge, half your everything. That is just so much faster implementation that you, that is just ripping it.
Straight up. And so it's like, you got to find your, you got to find what really gets you going, which is why I believe hyper awareness is so important.
Jomar, do you play any sports or?


@11:41 - Jomar Baterina
I used to, not as much anymore, but I know, yeah.


@11:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Bro, I'd get back into sports, bro. Because like, that, that, bro, the whole feeling of losing, and just like being, like getting second place, like just not winning, that pisses me off so bad.
And I know that if someone else out there that is just crushing it, I'm second. Straight up, you know, where I'm last.


@12:04 - Joe Dooley
Yeah.


@12:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that's what it feels like, Joe, go ahead. I said, you have to have that mindset.


@12:09 - Joe Dooley
I literally had this happen to me yesterday. I had an issue where for my other business, there was an automation error.
So I wasn't receiving like new leads from our website. I had a good one coming a couple of days ago, called them up.
I like, I'm so sorry. Our website, we had an automation break. Are you still looking for service? Like, no, we found somebody else.
And I was pissed. It pissed me off so much. That like I built a whole new automation so much better.
But like, think your silly is 100%. Like you have to have that. If you don't have it, like people like me are going to rinse you, you know?
Yeah. That's just reality.


@12:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You know what mean? Like it's a competition at the end of the day.


@12:45 - Joe Dooley
Like, you know, schools and society and everything is totally suppressed our competitive drive.


@12:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But man, this is the that gets you going. You look at all the guys that are doing six figures a month, multiple six figures a month.
Every single one of those guys is just hyper competitive and wants to win. I talked about this on a Wednesday call, bro, I literally put targets, I have like a hit list, you know what I mean, like, I have five different reasons why I want to scale, you have just one, it's just more money, more ego, I feel better.


@13:15 - Jomar Baterina
Yeah, that was actually, like, one of my biggest problems, actually, I lost, like, set up, like, main mission, and I began in February, and that caused me, like, like, move a lot slower, um, like, now, I got, like, of a, more of an insight, especially from the last call, when you were talking about, like, your mission.


@13:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Wyatt, go ahead, brother, the, the new 100k a month, 19-year-old.


@13:35 - Wyatt Webber
Yeah, bro, I would say, wait, can you guys hear me, by the way, I'm on my phone.


@13:39 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Go ahead.


@13:45 - Wyatt Webber
Go ahead, 100k month, and, like, the reason that I was able to do that was, I feel like, 99% just, like, speed to implementation, like, I just implemented everything you said immediately, like.
Like, same day type of thing. And I feel like if you make a decision in one day, and someone else makes a decision in seven, like, if someone was on the group call, and a week later, they still haven't implemented, then by the time I've made 27 decisions, they've made three.
And it's like, so now I have 24 times, like, 24 more chances to actually see a result, and to double down on that data, and to do it.
And like, the second thing is like, I just like, kind of, like, I had other people, like, not relying on me, but I put it out there.
Bro, said, guys, I'm gonna hit 100k this month. So then I had to do it. You know what mean?
Like, put, put something out there. Like, if you, if you need something done, like, you need to make other people rely on you.
Like, go out, tell another coach in the program, like, I have to pay you $1,000 if I don't complete this.
And do it. Sign a contract. Make some urgency. If you don't have it yourself, and if, if paying five figures for a program isn't enough, then bro, make yourself pay more.
But you have to move with speed, because like you said. Like, when you aren't doing it, someone else is, and it is your obligation to help people if you have the knowledge to do so, so you're not only missing out on, like, the money, bro, you're just causing those people to miss out on it, too.
Like, build some urgency, force yourself into it. I just made a YouTube video, actually, on that. Like, it's just, that's, like, why I scaled, bro, it's just speed.
Speed is everything.


@15:25 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sauce, bro. Sauce. Shamar, you know what you gotta do, bro.


@15:30 - Jomar Baterina
I got it, bro.


@15:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Your isn't, your isn't more clarity, your isn't more, you know, anything, it's just execution, wanting it more. Looking at yourself with a different perspective and different mindset, you know?
Like, you should, like, at 20k a month, you should want it so bad, because you're, you're, you're right there, bro.
Like, you have a 100k a month business at hand. If you've made multiple five figures a month, you have, you can make a 100k a month.
Okay? I want every single one of you guys to realize that. You make at least 10, 20, 30k a
You can make 100K a month. You just got to work smarter, you just got to want it more. Seriously.
So Jamar, March is going to be a big month for you, I'm expecting 50 and nothing less.


@16:10 - Jomar Baterina
Okay? I got you bro, 100%. Let's do it.


@16:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you bro, I actually needed that.


@16:13 - Jomar Baterina
Of course.


@16:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And this goes for every single one of you. It's the perception of yourself that you tweak, which is the cause that'll lead to the effect.
I can tell you the content, I can tell you the content advice, but that's the effect. The cause is the perception of yourself, how bad you want it, and how fast you move.
Because now, every problem that you face in business, whether it's content, sales, appointment setting, whatever that is, you will fix it 10 times faster and you'll get 10 times the result.
That's what it is. Okay? So I hope this really hits home for some of you guys. Kennedy, what's up?


@16:54 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, mine is really just like, kind of like my problem with the content, which is what I've been And working on, and like, scripting, researching, taking way more time, which is good, because it's getting a good report, a result back.
I guess my question is, because like, now that I'm putting in the input for content and seeing the results, it's like, okay, kind of like I'm in this in between, because I know that's the biggest thing.
Like, I know how to convert a complete stranger through outreach, code outreach. Like, I know how to do that, but it's like, kind of like, what do I do now while I wait?
Like, I guess I'm looking, I'm definitely expecting, like, expecting March to be like, blow up. Kind of like how Wyatt, it's like, he came in, he implemented, took a little time, like a delay portion, and then you just know it's going to, just blow up.
So I guess, is that all it is for me? Kind of like, because I'm doing it. Like, as soon as you sat at that call with me, I'm like, okay, like, I didn't pay you all this money.
And I'm paying another coach too. So I'm like, I didn't waste, I'm not wasting any time. So is it that, is, is that all for me right now?
Like, what would you say in this situation?


@18:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So the first thing I'd say is that you have to be patient with the, inpatient with the inputs and patient with the outputs.
Remember that.


@18:14 - Kennedy Davis
Inpatient with the inputs, patient with the outputs.


@18:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The outputs will come as long as you do the inputs the right way. But we are all in a 30, 60 day business, meaning that the things that you do now will not lead to a result tomorrow, will not lead to a result in a week, it'll lead to a result in 30 to 60 days.
So what that means is you need to ask yourself, am I doing this to the best of my ability?
And if it's yes, then keep on doing it, keep improving. Every single reel, every single YouTube video you post should be better than the last one.
That's the mindset and the perspective you must have. And when you're able to do that, and you're able to build that kind of gap in your mind to make yourself understand that, hey, I shouldn't be satisfied whether or not I get the output.
I should be satisfied whether or I do the input. That's the main thing. So for you, it's going to be the content.
Are you posting once every single? I posting on IG? Yeah, I was, once I filmed all the videos, it was once every day.


@19:05 - Kennedy Davis
Yesterday, I did twice.


@19:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, nice.


@19:09 - Kennedy Davis
But I just needed those videos kind of edited, to kind of get a little bit ahead, so that I was posting at least once a day, and then building up to two.


@19:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so I will keep on doing that. Keep on doing that, that that will be really good. And then in terms of the YouTube, I would start ripping once every week for the YouTube Saturday.
Because that will make your communication better. So one hack that I'm doing right now, I'm just doing a raw video of me talking to the camera on a specific prompt.
So here's what I've, here's what I've been able to do. I want you guys to implement this as well.
If you feel like content is your bottleneck. If your content is your bottleneck, that means that you need to get more reps in.
And the way to get in more reps is not necessarily by posting more reels, it's by practicing communication. And so I recently-
I've invested into a communication coach, and one thing that I'm doing that's super, super low effort, but high reward is this.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
I'm finding specific content ideas that my ICP struggle with. So, okay, here's the ICP I'm trying to target right now.


@20:18 - Kennedy Davis
30 to 100K a month.


@20:23 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
30 what problems does this ICP face that they will click on that video immediately?


@20:34 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah. Straight up.


@20:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, if you're assigning too many clients, watch this, my 230K a month performance system. Now, a broke coach making five to ten will not click on this video.
But the broke coach will click on a sales funnel video because he wants more clients. Who doesn't want more clients?
But something like this, the positioning, the framing, the angle of like, if you... You're signing too many clients, do this, the perception it creates, is first of all, it pushes away 99% of people, and it attracts a very select few, this is pure bottom of funnel content, and with pure bottom of funnel content, you don't need fancy editing, don't need fancy style, whatever, it's a raw talk video, and so what I do, grab my iPad, and I just have five bullet points, and I rip a video.


@21:30 - Kennedy Davis
I like that. You know what mean? Yeah, that's easier for me too, because like all this like, setup, and like, all these, I don't really have that, so like, I'm like, I just want, I don't know if you've seen Maria Rint, she does like, just a webcam, she has her iPad, simple, like raw, and that's kind of what I want to do.
Do it, do it.


@21:49 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So, I essentially did, I scripted out the hook, and then I made, I went over three, four bullet points, that I knew I was going to go over, and I just riffled off, riffed off there, and I got so,
I'm gonna do this every single week, and what this is gonna get me to do is it's gonna get me to get so good at communication, because now I'm not relying on any fancy retention edits and tricks, I'm purely relying on talking to the camera and getting them to retain watching my video with just my voice and the way I present this information.
No Mara board, no edits, no fancy graphics, just me and my voice. And maybe an iPad. So now, you're practicing, not just talking to your ICP, but you're practicing your communication.
Every single week, for 20, 30 minutes, which will mean that you can show up better in your reels, you can show up better in your YouTube videos.
Everyone talks about my communication being dialed in. I do like this. I paid a communication coach. You know? And if you guys want, we can go over a communication masterclass on Wednesday.
More than happy to do so, if you guys would benefit from that. You know? But... Yeah. This is the...
Type of that no one talks about, that is super overlooked, but will help you 10x the way that you present yourself and everything.
Seriously. So, Kennedy, for you, I generally think this is gonna be the next thing, because you're naturally a good speaker.
If you can close anyone on call, that means you can yap, you can talk, you know? So find a format where you can talk and just clip a bunch of good videos out of there.
You know what I mean? You do that, I promise you, you'll do well. So, if you do those two things, you'll be sorted, okay?


@23:30 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, perfect. I was about to say, that's how you know, I mean, that's how you know you made it when you're not investing in business coaches anymore, and you're investing in, like, communications, confidence.


@23:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, yeah, yeah, that's good. I'll give you guys the sauce I'm learning as well. How many of you guys would want to, like, have a presentation on that, like, on Wednesday?
Would that benefit you guys? Okay, seems like every single one of you. Cool. I'll cook something up for Wednesday.
Wednesday. Oh, Wednesday might actually be a Dario or Wyatt. a group call, where they talk about what they implemented to really just take this, their business to a whole new level, but maybe then up the next Wednesday, we'll be a communication one, and I'll cook something up for that, okay?
But, yeah.


@24:15 - Kennedy Davis
Quick question, just on, and if anyone knows this, like, should I do trial reels too? Like, as I'm posting on my main, does that work?
Is that just like, people just trying to sell a course on that, or does that actually increase views in more people?


@24:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Trial reels, does anybody have a take on that, before I go?


@24:34 - Pedro Oliveira
I do. So, can you guys hear me okay?


@24:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I like the glasses bro, where are you going?


@24:42 - Kennedy Davis
I'm driving.


@24:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool.


@24:46 - Pedro Oliveira
So, I had a reel, so basically my account had a lot of people, or still has a lot of people who is not like my ICP, and so I had a reel that I posted and did okay.
You know, like 200 likes or so? And then I posted. I on trials, and I got like 3,000 likes, and it got me some better follows, so, yeah, basically the way trials work, I'm not sure if you guys know, or if you know, Kennedy, it's basically, it sends the reels to a complete new audience, and so, yeah, like it works, at least on my account, it works.


@25:24 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I would say, do it, but don't put that much emphasis to the point where it's like, if it doesn't work out, your entire strategy is cooked, like, if you have time for it, you can do it, and you can test out different strategies and all this, but I wouldn't really double down on making that like a reliable acquisition system, because, again, it's just like, that's not the main issue we have at hand right now, you know, it's just like a new thing, a new mechanism, okay?
Yeah, I've got it.


@25:52 - Kennedy Davis
Cool.


@25:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Um, all right. Sick, sick, sick. Anybody else? I don't know if it's necessarily like a roadblock, also haven't looked at the modules on it, but now my, overnight, my roadblock shifted from content to appointment setting, because now I'm like, oh, I have a lot of people in my DMs, and I used to use like an AI DM setter, but it's not really the route I'm trying to go anymore.
Yeah.


@26:22 - Joe Dooley
So, I don't know, I don't, I don't really know what questions to ask, and again, I haven't looked at those modules yet, it's on my to-do list today, after this call, my call to Aiden, but I don't know if there's anything you want to give me there, or any thoughts?


@26:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So yeah, I mean, that's, that's always been the goal of us, right? To solve one problem at a time, you solve the content, now you have leads, now it's the, now it's the appointment setting stuff.
I'm sure you know how close, because you've been in business for quite a while, and you, you know, you run your business very successfully, so no doubt on that.
main thing that I'd say with appointment setting is you have to double down on the inputs, and what that means is like, there really is every, like, we have the most in-depth read.
Resources and information on appointment setting, because that's how we made our money. Chances are, if you're in this call, you've talked to me in the DMs at one point.
You know, like, not me, my appointment center, but you get the idea, you know? It's like, there's been a touchpoint in DMs, and that's how we've been able to maintain that level of personalization.
So what I would do, Joe, if I were you, some inputs that you can work on right now, join all of George's setting calls.
Okay. Set KPIs for yourself. would recommend 50 outbounds and 100 follow-ups to start with. And if you don't know what those are, watch the video modules.
The video modules are going to give you a very good frame and a good foundation to build off of.
And the next one is just, like, actually do the work. It's boring as . Appointment setting is not .
It's not fun. It's not entertaining. It's boring. It's tiring. It's, you know, it's just doing the same .


@27:53 - Joe Dooley
But you just do the same things over and over and over again, and you'll be good. Okay. Perfect. Yeah.
Awesome.


@28:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, and then just I've always neglected.


@28:03 - Joe Dooley
That's been like, outsource that right away. Yeah.


@28:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So like, all right, I'm going to do it this time.


@28:07 - Joe Dooley
I'm like, all right, let's actually like try to do this right before I outsource it again. Let's do it.


@28:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Don't outsource. Don't outsource it anytime soon.


@28:16 - Joe Dooley
I told Nigel this. Oh, oh .


@28:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, don't do it straight away. Like learn how to do it and then teach it because it's like the blind leading the blind.
If you don't know how to do it, then you're hiring someone to do it for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't even know.


@28:28 - Joe Dooley
That's why I'm mad. Yeah, that's what I'm mad. I'm going to learn it first and then I'll outsource it.


@28:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's do it. Let's do it. Cool. Thanks, I see Gabe in the chat. Gabe met up with a few of my guys in Bali.
How's Bali, bro? Are you here? I don't know if Gabe's still here. Yeah, he's muted. I don't know if he's there, but okay.
Okay.


@28:49 - gabe
Yo, I'm here. How you doing, bro?


@28:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Good, man.


@28:53 - gabe
How's Bali? It's the dream, bro. It's the dream. I'm leaving tomorrow.


@28:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Sick, bro. Sick. How's... everything going for on your side, man? You 15k day, yeah?


@29:03 - gabe
Yeah, bro, yeah, bro, 30k in the last week. Let's go.


@29:07 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And you were doing how much before?


@29:10 - gabe
I think last month, I mean, on like, on the consulting end last month, I think it was like 6k.
Okay.


@29:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. So we just had 30k a week. Yeah, man. Come on, what did you do differently? Just so everyone like kind of knows.


@29:25 - gabe
Man, it was just like, I just dialed in on my fulfillment.


@29:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So like, I was more confident to sell.


@29:31 - gabe
And then, yeah, I just increased prices, sold it. yeah, man. Sick.


@29:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The conviction and the fulfillment, tweaking the process, and then your conviction and your confidence shows up on all the sales calls, right?
Sales process.


@29:45 - gabe
And setting as well, bro. Like. Yeah, that's huge.


@29:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
George was a big help.


@29:49 - gabe
Yeah, George was a big help. Yeah, yeah.


@29:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, what did you do in the setting process?


@29:58 - gabe
Literally, I started setting. And it worked, I guess. told you, bro, I told you so much. Good , man.


@30:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's what I like to hear.


@30:07 - gabe
Yes, sir. Cool, cool, cool.


@30:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Anything you need help with on your side, or you're all good? You're just here for vibes.


@30:13 - gabe
Yeah, I'm here for vibes, bro. I'm just having some food right now. Sick, sick.


@30:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, let me know if you need anything, yeah?


@30:18 - gabe
All right, cheers, bro. Cool, cool.


@30:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Jacob, what's up, brother?


@30:23 - Jakob Schnitzler
So I have more of a specific question. In the DM setting process, I'm sending like a loom, like a mini VSL, where I basically pre-qualify and go over the whole program and show them that it's like actually a coaching.
But in this first loom, should I already, right now, like I, one of the problems is that, so to give you some context, like the loom is going to be sent after I get the pain point and the goal.
And then after the loom, I build urgency. So, but within the loom, should I already mentioned that they have to be.
be with their parents on their call if they're under 18.


@31:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Why would you, I don't see the point of sending a loom, redirecting the process, instead of just building more trust and building more pain in the DMs.
You don't need a loom to do that. You just need a better setting process. So what I would say, it's like, that loom should be the post booking video instead of it being a separate video.
And that loom should only be sent when the lead can't book right now instead of, instead of distracting them.
Because I can see a drop off. Like they wouldn't want to continue the conversation until they watch that loom.
That's what I see happening. So I wouldn't make the appointment setting process more complex than it is. Stick to the foundations, stick to what has worked.
And then if people are not nurtured, then you can send the loom and you can play the long term game.
But the goal should be to book in calls and minimize the amount of time they spend in the sales process.
Doing sending a loom will just extend it because now they feel like they have to watch that loom before they even talk to you.
So I wouldn't do that. Okay.


@32:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, because I have been doing the Loom for like the past like month or so, and it has been like working good in terms of like a qualifier that people are like more bought in and other people are like, like, it's like more of a qualifier to like skim through the volume.


@32:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@32:19 - Jakob Schnitzler
So you would say completely cut it out, the Loom?


@32:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I mean, if it's working, then still do it. But again, it's like, I wouldn't ask questions like that, because now it's like, that's distracting from the main thing.
You know, I just wouldn't mention anything about the call. Just put them in heavy pain, build some urgency, build some scarcity and take it from there.
And if it works for you, you know, don't change what's working. Just keep on doing that. Okay?


@32:42 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, perfect. Thank you. Yeah.


@32:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Just don't overcomplicate the process, man. Don't overcomplicate it. I feel like you're looking at your niche as like the super special niche.
But it's like, it's still the same stuff over and over again, just a bit more qualification, a bit more urgency, and we're good to go.


@32:57 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, perfect. Thank you. Awesome.


@33:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Anybody else? Nigel, I know you had a question in DMs about Marshall. Do you want to go over that right now?


@33:12 - nigeldaley
Yeah, we definitely can. That's awesome. So Marshall is here. I'm going have to switch my phone here in a second.


@33:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're You're good. But the biggest thing with Marshall is that he's one guy that makes content that is irreplaceable.
Yeah. He's the one personal brand that I look at, and obviously he's in a different vertical.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@33:30 - nigeldaley
But like, yo, this guy is like, he's legit. You know what I mean?


@33:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@33:37 - nigeldaley
So what is it that makes, I want to say, his content, just more so his personal brand, just so unique, just from your perspective?


@33:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So off rip, he knows the style that he's going for. Guys, you need to understand what style you want to portray in your content.
And so that will dictate essentially. Everything that you do, and the way you perceive the clothes you wear, the way you dress, and everything that you kind of put on your profile, which is why I like, I'm not a, I like raw talking head videos, but if you don't have a perception of the image and the way that you want to be portrayed in your audience's mind and your prospect's mind, you're going to get blown out the water by people that do.
One thing that I've done is, I'm naturally a super straightforward person, I'm a business person at heart. A lot of you are business people, right?
It's like business first, and then creator. Some people are creator first, then business. Now, for what helped me, I just started watching movies, and I started getting inspiration.
I was talking to Nigel, it's funny, I was talking to Nigel on our one-on-one, I was like, always looking at Fashion Chef.
We went on my saved videos and , and I was like, it's all fashion. And I was talking to Joe, Joe's smiling as well, because he knows what I'm talking about.
I told Joe to get rid of This entire wardrobe, and get a new, get a new one. Joe, what did I say?
He's not lying, he's not lying. For real. I said some out of , but the thing is, like, all of that will help, because that'll help the image.
So, what Marshall has been able to do, he's been able to find movies and shows that really show that retro, old school vibe, and he's found ways to portray himself in that light.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
You know, he's found ways to portray himself, and he's like, that kind of like that old, old school rock star type of vibe.
That's what he's going for. And so, everything that he does, the props that he has, the things that he wears, even his hair, even his facial hair, his clothes, everything that he does is just fitting into the stereotype.
So, it's a very strong image that he wants to portray, because he's creative, and he's found that inspiration from a movie.
You could probably look at his personal brand, and know exactly what movie I'm talking about. It's like that. I that clip of that guy playing, like, he's just kind of like, I don't know what that clip is, Nigel, you know what talking about?


@36:05 - nigeldaley
I want like Fight Club? Some like that.


@36:08 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@36:09 - nigeldaley
You know what I mean?


@36:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Fight Club where it's like, he's, he's like shirtless, and he's like going up, and the light is pointing down, that clip right there, is the perfect analogy of this guy's entire brand.
He's nailed the aesthetic, because he understood that he has to portray an image. So, the first thing you guys have to do, you have to get creative.
And one thing I've done is I've set aside time to watch movies and films. The current stuff that I'm going to consume right now is American Psycho.
That's a film I'm going to consume, that is really just about like the , like the boss life and .
That one's, that one's a bit crazy, actually, now I think about it. No, I want to recommend watching that one, but.


@36:46 - Joe Dooley
It's a weird one, but it's like really out there.


@36:48 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's a weird one, but it's crazy. Yeah.


@36:51 - Joe Dooley
It's crazy.


@36:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And then another one is, what is it called? Peaky Blinders.


@36:57 - Joe Dooley
Peaky Blinders, Succession.


@36:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
These. These three are really good video, really good things to watch to get inspiration, at least for my type of vibe, in terms of like, kind of like, the CEO type of vibe, and the perception that I want to create, remove American Psycho, don't even, don't even watch that , that 's, I just, I just like the clips, where he's just walking down the hall, and it's just like, a clean aesthetic, and it's like, the perception that he creates is like, bro, this guy's actually a psycho, you know, so I would watch clips, and, and, and, you know, movies, and shows like that, to get inspiration, of what is the image you want to portray, and then find formats, and position everything in your brand, to lean into that, yeah, exactly, exactly, maybe whatever, what you just said, that guy, that just been popping off everywhere, that's perfect, you know what mean, he's wearing the suit and everything, he's acting as if he's in the movie himself, that's what I'm talking about, so it's like, if you look at the best brands, they're all based on these movies, these, and
Inspiration, because it's already worked, it's already worked, and so Nigel, like for you, you just got to find inspiration from that type of thing, lean into that, I think for you, I'm getting a bit of Matrix vibes and , you know, so maybe giving it a rewatch, and understanding how you can portray yourself in a better light, all that, you know, you'll see the biggest brands, they all have an aesthetic that they're going for, promise you, and once you really understand what movie you're trying to go after, you'll be good.
You know?


@38:31 - nigeldaley
I'll run it, thank you, that's great advice.


@38:33 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course, so, it's all the cool , you know, like this is the fun stuff, you guys, you know, y'all look at the content so plain and simple, it's not copying other creators, and copying hooks and , there's a layer way deeper than this, and so when you eventually start posting, it's like, now, yeah, literally Batman, Batman, Matrix, all that type of , Neo, all that, but that's the type of style I want you guys to go for, Let's go!
Be creative. Your personal brand is the only way that you can have that exponential growth. So the more you invest in it, the better.
So one thing I'm doing, I force, I can't sit down and watch a movie. I like, I almost have like ADHD.
I wanna do , you know? But I've almost forced myself to watch shows. I forced myself to get into fashion.
I forced myself to develop a style and a taste. And now you're gonna see, you know, I'm gonna be rocking in some Henleys and some baggy jeans and .
Y'all gonna see the style elevate and stuff. But that's because I know what brand image I wanna, I wanna, I wanna show.
Who am I inspired by? If I'm being honest, I'm still trying to figure that out. I don't, I don't have like a clear cut inspiration, but I definitely wanna go for like a clean, clean founder, CEO aesthetic that's in a high rise.
So that's why American Psycho, apart from all the murdering and all the brutal , like that whole psych, psychotic mindset of just wanting to be the best is sick to me.
Like that. That angle is so cool, because like, bro, it's, he had the wrong mission, he had the wrong goal and , but his obsession with whatever the hell he wanted to do is the same thing as my obsession with just being the number one in my industry.
So, that's what I'm talking about, you know what I mean? Like, y'all just gotta find that movie. Y'all gotta find that movie, seriously.
Marty Supreme is a great movie to watch, if you guys haven't watched it already, for obsession. You guys are crazy, you know?
So, stuff like that, you know, definitely something you guys can think about. And it's an excuse to watch some movies as well.
Have fun, you know? Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Yeah, yeah, those movies are sick. But yeah, hopefully that was a bit of a answer that would get you guys going, get your creative juices flowing.
The more creative you are in your content, I promise you guys will stand out way more, okay? Any questions related to that?
Do you guys want to add on to that or no? Cool. Cool, cool, cool. All right. Any other questions, guys?


@41:11 - Jakob Schnitzler
Maybe one question regarding to your raw talks.


@41:15 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How do you use them then to post?


@41:18 - Jakob Schnitzler
Are you going to post them just as a raw talk on YouTube, or are you clipping them up? Like, what is your, or are you just doing it for the reps?


@41:26 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I just post, so I have a second channel. If you guys are not consistent on YouTube, those are perfect type of videos to start with, which I think are amazing.
I just posted for the sake of posting it. There's no reason why you'd keep it in the, in the files and stuff.
And then the cool thing is like, you can look back at those videos and see how well your communication improve, you know?
And yeah, and then my, obviously I have a very, very good in-house team that just clips up very, very good reels.
And so by the time I'm in the middle, I'm in flow state and I'm really just speaking. do, If you have
Everything is just coming off my tongue very smoothly. Okay, they clip up that part of the reel, boom. And so, like, you guys are gonna be able to see, someone made a video on this, actually, let me show you guys.
All, some of these videos, so this one right here, this one right here, and a few other ones were all clipped up from a vlog.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
They're all clipped up from a vlog. And so it's just like, how do you get better at, just presenting every time you speak to a camera?
How do you make it clip worthy, you know? And doing that raw talk video will give you the reps, but also you'll put out content that is specific to your ICP that is bottom of funnel.
So I would just post it on the main channel and get your editor to clip it up, okay? Awesome.
Cool, anything else, guys? You guys are all good?


@42:58 - Pedro Oliveira
I have question. Yeah, yeah, what's up? So, about clipping, I have some clips, of like my YouTubes, do you think you can give me some feedback on that, or?


@43:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Clips on, on YouTube?


@43:14 - Pedro Oliveira
On Instagram, from my YouTubes, like some of my clips.


@43:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
That's the thing, I wouldn't recommend doing this until you have a very, very solid creative direction team. Like, I kid you not, like, my creative direction team has a complete dialed in process where we get the transcript from these videos, we put them in the chat GPT, we ask it which sections have the most clippable videos that have proven, proven, like, they're proven to go viral, essentially, because they've already gone viral before, and then we clip them up.
So, if you don't have, like, if your editor, if you're just tossing a bunch of clips to your editor, you're essentially just throwing darts in the dark, because there's so much that's out of your control.
if have like, let me know. And And so you gotta go in there, if you film a raw talk video, one thing I would do is I would like kinda note every time you say something good, and give that specific timestamp to your editor to make it easier, because now you remove the variables that could go wrong, and you're making it more in your control, you know what I mean?
That's the first thing I do, so one thing that Stephen Bartlett does that I learned from him, he has a timer, he has a timer, and every time he films a raw talk video, he has a timer, and then he does a lap, every time he knows he's about to say something good, or he, the moment he says something good, he has a clip, he puts a lap.
So it kinda creates like a timestamp of like, oh, on the fourth minute, in the 30th second, he just finished a clip, now the editor can go and do that.
So now you're removing the friction and the amount of variables that are needed in order to, you know, like, get a good clip out of that.
That's the first thing I would do. And the second thing I'd do is I'd even ask if your editors is
even competent enough, and if he's not, then you have to be the one that clips up first, and then you create the SOP.
Okay? Does that make sense, first of all? Yeah, that makes sense, that makes sense.


@45:10 - Pedro Oliveira
So he is competent enough, like he's growing up page like 3 million or whatever, and now he's just an editor.
And before he edits it, he asks for like approval. And so it's like, I look at it and I'm like, is this a good hook?
Is this actually gonna work? Yeah. like, that's the current system. And sometimes I also watch the YouTube there and send them the type names.
Yeah. doing the lapping thing is very smart as well. Yeah.


@45:36 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. I mean, I'll take a look at one of them.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Which one do you want me to look at? This one? Yeah, that one works. Simple. If you're talking to a girl, for example, just in person, or even on messaging, and you say, Hey, what's going on?
How's life? How's life been? And she says, you can't say, Oh, really? Like, you know, That's all. I went to college, and it was great, and overall, yeah, life has been good.
Have you been working all the years? No, you can't do that. If a girl says, good, either leave them all red, or...
It's not bad, but again, it's like, that hook isn't proven, you know, I've never heard it. Couldn't be wrong, but that hook, you haven't seen that hook go viral before, right?


@46:21 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, no, I'm not, I'm not.


@46:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, so it's like, there's just so much up to chance. I just wouldn't, like, you can do it, but again, don't expect these to do well.
I'd do things like this. You see 10k views here, all that. So for now, like, you can do the YouTube, but I would do like two to three clips.
And don't expect them to go viral, expect them to nurture. And then the ones that do go viral is mostly going to be the scripted hooks, which you actually research and do your due diligence, okay?


@46:48 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah. So just different intention.


@46:51 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
would clip the videos that could do bottom of the funnel, just really nurture the hell out of them.


@46:57 - Pedro Oliveira
But thank you. Awesome. Cool.


@46:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Maeva, what's up?


@47:01 - maeva
Yo, how's it going? So, I know that on our one-on-one call, one of the main things that you told me to focus on was to tap into that creativity, that style, you know, having good background, good tonality.
So, in my recent videos, that's something that I've been focusing on. I went to a hotel lobby that looked pretty nice.
So, I just wanted you to take a look at sort of what I did in my recent pieces of content and let me know what you think.


@47:29 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What do you want me to look for specifically?


@47:32 - maeva
In terms of, so, for example, there was, there was one video, or there were a couple videos that I posted in that setting.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
So, I just wanted you to take a look at that. Like the first, yeah, the first three, or like the first two.


@47:52 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay. First thing I'd say is that your lighting could be drastically improved. I'd get a... think... była... It's おい.
not look. I don't say a ring light is good, I would, I have like an, an RGB stick, I can, you know, if you need help with, with anything lighting related, you can hit up Kevin and, uh, Yash, Yash is actually helping me with a lot of lighting stuff, but I'll get him to send some equipment that you can use like 20, 30 bucks, nothing crazy.
And it's just going to increase the perception straight away. Um, these are the seven most important shifts you need to make in your content to get more clients for your business.
Number one, stop posting to grow and start posting to convert. If your content isn't moving somebody closer to working with you, it's just no way.
Two, get crystal clear on who you're helping. So this, it's a, these are the seven most important shifts you need to make in your content.
What did you, did you hear this from somewhere? Or is this a hook that you created? It was similar to one video that you did actually.
So that's the 10 most important things that you want to, that you need to track.


@48:57 - maeva
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Okay. That wasn't.


@49:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Seven Most Important Shifts to Attract and Convert Clients, like, the reason why that one worked was because it was snappy, it was very, very snappy, and it was very quick dopamine, and it was like quick fire, the same reason why it has successful rules to be a top 1% man, or whatever, you know, eat healthy, be happy, whatever, like, all of that , that's the reason why it works, but then the way that I'm seeing this reel is going is that it's very, very, it's a bit dragged out, and also it's like, it's not snappy, the reason why that video performed well is because it was snappy, so you miss, like, you took that format, but you didn't understand the why, you needed to understand the why, and so the snappiness was what actually made it perform well, and got a ton of comments, you know, that was the main thing with that, and then also it's just like, super specific, Seven Most Important Shifts to Attract and Convert Clients.
I see the vision, but at the same time, it's like, that's a very specific outcome that a specific ICB would only face, you know?
So, what I can do for you, like, number one reason why... 2026, selling an outcome or a dream isn't going to work anymore.
Because clients don't care about what do I get, they care about who they're becoming. If you're a fitness coach, when someone buys from you, they're not just buying another...
Yeah, see that there's people in the background, so it's a bit hard. But just speaking with more clarity, speaking with more communication, like, tonality and being a bit louder.
I know it's a bit weird because it's a hotel lobby and stuff, but the view is really nice. Just the communication aspect of just being more in tune with that.
So when I go over that, that will really help you out. Overall, you're doing well. You're doing well. It's like, your content is so much better than before in terms of the perception.
Again, you've only posted 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. You know, a few times, which is good, but now it's like, okay, let's double down on more volume and making it better, and overall, you're moving in the right direction, so it's just more of what's working, okay?
Gotcha, I appreciate it.


@51:13 - maeva
So for the seven content shifts, do you think I should recreate something a little bit similar in terms, but like make it more broad and make it more snappy?


@51:22 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, exactly.


@51:24 - maeva
Okay, and another thing is, I know I talked to Aiden about this, but the video that I had posted, that got 61k views and brought in a ton of ICP, I tried doubling down on the format with other topics that didn't do so well, so I kind of understood that the reason it worked well is because I mentioned you, and I mentioned how I was networking with you and all the people in this program, so it associates me with these level of people, right?
I had a ton of people ask me, like, what it was like working with you and like, you know, being around these people, so do you think that I should double down on, and like, it's not talking, talking,
Talking about you, but talking about like being in this program or connecting with everybody in this program.


@52:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I don't see why not, because now you can expand that to be, now it's like a, how important community is, how important people are around But it's borrowing your fame.


@52:14 - maeva
Wouldn't that diminish?


@52:16 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
No, because at the same time, it's, it wouldn't diminish anything because you have to have a, you have to have a foot in the industry in order to even get to the point where you're getting.
So it's like, I had a video that popped off that did very well when I was, you know, not beginning, but when I was really kind of popping off in the personal branding space, I paid Dan O'Dayland $20,000, it wasn't worth it.
That video brought me so much ICP. Like to this day, I think that video specifically brought me like 400 online coaches.
And I made so much money off that video. Because it's association, you know what mean? So it's like, there's specific things like that, that really will push you and propel you forward.
I don't see why not. And it's not like, you have to be known for, you're not going to be known as the person that joined.
You this program, it's like, that's how people initially find out about you, and then you create your own voice.
So you have to have different reasons why people want to listen to you, and then you take it from there.
So people listen to me because, oh, I was in a room full of seven, eight figure entrepreneurs. Okay, but then they also found out that I was amazing at acquisition and sales.
That's why they keep on listening to me. So it's like, that's your entry, that's your foot in the door.
Now you have to keep them, okay? Okay, gotcha.


@53:27 - maeva
I really appreciate it. Thank you.


@53:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Anything else, guys? You guys are all good? Sick, sick, sick, sick. I hope you guys found value in this.
What I'm going to do, I'm probably going to get Wyatt to host what he changed on Wednesday to scale from 7.5K to 100K a month, which is going to be ridiculous.
So I'm going to make sure that he pinpoints like the five, three to five biggest things that he did.
And we're So that one's going to be really, really fun. I'm excited to see you guys there, but how was this call for you guys?
Was it good?


@54:07 - Joe Dooley
Great. Awesome.


@54:09 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Awesome. I appreciate you guys. Have a good rest of your day. Have a good rest of your weekend.
Let's run it, and I'll see you guys on the Wednesday call. All right? Have a good one. guys. Thank you, guys.
Yeah.


Thursday Mastermind - February 26
Thursday Mastermind - February 26


VIEW RECORDING - 52 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - aaran
Right now, because usually you're on the move. This meeting is being recorded. Recovering from an old man, hernia operation.


@0:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, that's dark.


@0:09 - aaran
I know, man. When we was in London, I was like, you boys are all like 1918, and I'm going in for a hernia off next week.
I was like, , I'm not unk.


@0:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Where are we headed?


@0:19 - aaran
Bali.


@0:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nah, oh, link up with Nick and George.


@0:23 - aaran
They're out there right now. Yeah, I messaged him. I think they come back just as we're going out there, unfortunately.


@0:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, when are you going out there?


@0:30 - aaran
End of the month, but I've got a client that's actually paying for the entire trip for a week. They run like this crazy active holiday things, like people that love fitness, that have businesses, go on it.
And we're running their ads and that for them, so they're, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. I'm going to get some cool content.


@0:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, that sounds like the average Bali holiday goer.


@0:53 - aaran
Typical. I've heard it, yeah.


@0:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yes, then, how are doing, brother?


@0:58 - Iestyn Krauze
that Yeah, Yeah, I'm amazing, bro.


@1:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
are you? I'm all good. How's it out? Where are at now? Like Peru or Paraguay or something? That's crazy.
When are you back in?


@1:10 - Iestyn Krauze
How long are traveling for? You're in Harrogate at the moment.


@1:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I think Yeston's bugging. Nigel, how you doing, brother?


@1:19 - Iestyn Krauze
Good.


@1:22 - nigeldaley
I'm good. I'm good, bro. I got a fire under my right now, bro. I got a fire under my , bro.
Why it, Why it? Straight up. nah, things have been good, bro. How have you been?


@1:35 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I've been all good. I saw you went to Miami. did a little link up with some of the big fitness guys.


@1:40 - nigeldaley
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Josh Chang had a mastermind, so I pulled up to support him, see what that was about.
But that was good as far.


@1:48 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nice. I want to see you next month.


@1:50 - nigeldaley
Let's get the six figures. Bro, straight up, bro. There's no excuses at all whatsoever.


@1:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
You just got infinite. I mean, that goes for everyone on this call. Like, the reason, obviously, you guys have probably seen what it is.
100. He might be joining later as well. But I think one thing that came down to for him was literally just implementation.
Like, we had that content format call probably a month ago, like the first one a month ago, month and a half ago, and just went and implemented every single one multiple times, put in the inputs and then got the results.
So there's one lesson you guys can pretty learn from his success, it will be, you know, doubling down, taking the action, just being fast to implement.
But yeah, let's run it. Jakob, how you doing, brother?


@2:30 - Jakob Schnitzler
I'm How about yourself?


@2:31 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good. In the office as usual, but it's good to hear. Lovely, lovely.


@2:35 - Jakob Schnitzler
That's the grind.


@2:37 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it, love it. Kennedy, how you doing?


@2:40 - Kennedy Davis
I'm doing well. I'm like Nigel. Can you hear me, by the way?


@2:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you all good.


@2:46 - Kennedy Davis
Okay. I'm like Nigel. got a fire under my butt too. I'm also implementing the formats, which the video is almost at 100K in like two days.


@2:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Crazy.


@2:57 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, I didn't. Yeah, yeah. And I'm.


@3:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I gained like 300 followers just yesterday, like 250 yesterday.


@3:05 - Kennedy Davis
And yeah, so it's, I got some ICP leads and we are going to crush.


@3:09 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm 100K month next month. Let's it. Let's get those calls locked in for the start of the month. Get a nice, strong march.
Get them all closed as well.


@3:16 - Kennedy Davis
Love it.


@3:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Joe, how you doing? Joe, I you had like a little video started popping off as well.


@3:21 - Joe Dooley
I did. Yeah, I'm doing great, man. Good week. Similar to Kennedy, I started implementing those formats and the ranking one popped.
It's at 140K views right now. A lot of conversation started. I just have to scrape those and find the ICP leads, which I'm working on today, but feeling great.
I think I have a real shot at 100K a month next month between both of my businesses. I don't think I'll do it with just this.
Maybe. Don't want to count it out, but I think I have a real, real big shot at 100K between both.
So I'm fired up and yeah, things are great, man.


@4:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Let's run it. Suwe probably showed you guys the trophies. We've got like Alessio O'Brien and all the other 100k mom club people.
So I want to see everyone repping a trophy in the next couple of moms in the background of the screen somewhere.
That'd be sick. But yeah, love to see it. Mason, how you doing?


@4:13 - Mason Lee
You're on the walking machine again. Always, bro.


@4:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Loving it. the steps in. Finn, how are you doing? Where are you at? Like pitch black.


@4:23 - Fynn Lühdorff
I'm doing well. Yeah, unfortunately, my stupid forgot that in this area there's no taxi.


@4:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So I'm walking. on. Apologize. Where are you at? Are you still in Dubai?


@4:33 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, yeah, I'm in Dubai.


@4:34 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Crazy. No taxis in Dubai. Who would have thought?


@4:39 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, yeah.


@4:40 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick. All I'll wait for a couple more people to join. Pretty much, guys, today we're going to run through story sequences.
So good timing, to be fair. Aaron said get a camel. Good timing, to be fair, because I think a lot of you are getting a lot more traction to your account.
So it's now how do we nurture these people on the stories and start converting them. But I'll let a couple more people join and we'll all jump into it.


@4:59 - maeva
Maeva, how are you doing?
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH


@6:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
And engaging with it to actually getting into our DMs and actually end up booking in calls and buying is purely the story.
So, you know, we credit a lot of, you know, the consistent 230k months down to the stories. And that's why I really want to emphasize the importance of that.
But the biggest misconception coaches have when it comes to stories is they kind of ignore them because they think everything you need to be posting is value.
However, the beauty of story content and what I want you guys to understand is this is like a way for you to generate a different level of relationship.
With your audience, you you're giving them access to a level of like close proximity that otherwise they won't get access to within your other content, within your other videos.
So it's super important that, you know, you understand that and you leverage these to actually showcase your personality more, showcase more of the behind the scenes.
So another reason they're super important is because stories require such low effort from the viewer to actually consume them.
Right. They don't need to sit through a super long, long form video. They don't feel like they're being pushed by a heavy CTA.
Instead, they feel like they're just building, you a pure connection with you. And they actually feel like they get to see an authentic side to you, a side to you that they wouldn't get to see within the content, whether that's the long form, the short form, simply because in the stories, know, short snippets, it's very raw, it's very authentic.
So in this presentation, we're going to cover, you some core principles, like a cadency strategy to the posting, six story frameworks, we're going to break down some stories, two ways random, give you guys some frameworks you guys can rip for yourselves, map it out step by step.
So it should be super easy for you guys to implement, go through like how to quality check your stories, and then I'll run you through the seven day cash injection sequence.
So anyone who's thinking of doing a price increase in the near future, this is a cash injection sequence that I mapped out for Dario, who you guys may also know, he hits 104k, I believe, in December when we ran this sequence, or January, mean, when we ran this sequence, and 30k of that came from this seven day sequence.
So if you guys implement this yourself, you're going to see crazy results. I think why it's also... So you'll probably see some results coming from him with this sequence too.
But we'll jump straight into it. So first thing I want to ask you guys, I want to see in the chat, how many of you journal every night?
How many of you actually take the time to reflect on your thoughts, reflect on the day, and actually like journal?
I see Maeva's raising her hand. Anyone else in here or just Maeva? Okay, interesting. Right. So one actionable I want to set each and every one of you is to not necessarily journal every night.
mean, journey is super important. But every evening, like at the end of the day, when you finish your work, I want you to take out a notebook or even do it on like Notion, do it online, and map out everything that happens in your day.
So, you know, what wins did you have? What wins did your clients have? What objections came up in your sales calls?
And what limiting beliefs came up in the DMs? So the reason I want you to do this is because, and we'll get into this later, when you're constructing these stories, this is going to be super helpful for you to map this out on a daily basis, not only for the stories, but also to get clarity and ideas within your content.
And, you know, get the creative flow going and also just super helpful for you to reflect on the sales side of things as well.


@9:07 - maeva
Maeve, do you have a question? No, I was just going to say that in terms of like keeping notes every day of what I did and tracking like my habits, I have a bunch of trackers that I can send over to you guys.
So if you want like basically the template that I use every day to keep track of like my tasks, what I do, what I learned, you can send me a DM and I'll send it over to you.


@9:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That'd be super awesome. Appreciate that. But yeah, as like Maeve said, and one thing you guys can implement is like tracking everything that goes through your day.
The wins you have, wins your clients have, objections you're getting and limiting beliefs. And this is going to help you stay on top of every sort of area of the business.
And once again, this is something you can implement into stories, but that's a very easy actionable for every single one of you to implement, regardless of if your focus is on the stories right now.
Now, I want to go through the three golden rules when it comes to stories before we start mapping them out.
And actually breaking down like the exact frameworks behind them. So you guys understand. Do you guys listen. of And how do you actually execute a well-performing story?
So the first thing I want you guys to know is you should really cap out at one to two CTAs per week max.
So the hard CTAs, which are like the direct sales, this could be, you know, I mean, price increases you don't want to do once a month, but anything where you're really pushing people to buy, you could talk about a price increase, you could talk about, you know, new features you're implementing to your program, you could talk about how you're launching like a 2.0 version of your program, any like hard CTA where you're directly trying, CTA where you're directly trying to sell to your audience.
You want to cap at one time per month. So we're not fatiguing the audience. And so you don't come across as too salesy.
And in contrast, you want to rip, you know, or you can sort of rip up to one to two soft CTAs a week.
So, you know, this is where you're educating people, know, inviting them to DM you, you could have a lead magnet, you could be providing a freebie, anything where you're still providing some source of value.
However, you're requesting something in return from the audience. Now, the reason you can do this a bit more is because, you know, you're still providing something, it doesn't necessarily feel like you're selling something.
Then transition into the middle of funnel and bottom of funnel where you convert these viewers. Similar to stories, want to build up viewers, want to build up engagement and then harvest it.
So, you know, warm up your stories, generate eyeballs to them, prioritise engagement. And then once you've generated these views, then you drop a CTA and you can repeat this process.
So I know a lot of you guys struggle to sometimes get views on your stories. This can come down to two things.
Firstly, you simply just don't have enough eyeballs to go into your page. So from your main feed, from your reels and your organic content, that comes down to posting more topper funnel videos and getting more eyeballs to your page in the first place.
Then secondly, what you can do is implement polls. That could be like sliders as well. I mean, like little Instagram stickers where you can like rank stuff or Q and A's where your audience are actually engaging with your stories.
actually inputting because once again, similar to the algorithm when it comes to reels, when the audience engage, when they like the story or they engage through like commenting.
In this case, it might be for entering a poll for asking a question in Q and A. This is going to.
Tell the algorithm that the order's engaged, it's going to be marked as a form of engagement, it's going to show it to more of your followers, and potentially even new people as well.
Those are the three sort of golden rules when it comes to the stories. Are there any questions on those before we move into the different types of story sequences and frameworks?
Okay, perfect, we should be all good. Right, so we're going to run through each of story frameworks, so how else will work?
I'll showcase you, you know, what is the actual name of the story, what's the intention behind it, a bit about the framework, some examples we were at Persuway, and then a bit of an overview of, like, why it works and common mistakes people make.
So, first one I want to go through is the emotional-driven stories. Now, this is sort of the heart and soul of story sequences.
This is where we're showcasing more of the behind-the-scenes and giving that intimate feel to the audience where they feel like they're getting a closer connection, and, yeah, effectively we're building an emotional connection through personal storytelling.
So, you can kind of guess the focus is going could be a lot on you, your story, your sort of character arc, and really creating an emotion and firing an emotion within the audience.
So how we want to frame this is in the hook of the video or in the hook of the story, basically you want to have something that stops the scroll, so a pattern interrupt, right?
This could be a bold statement, could be a personal confession, could be a point of vulnerability, and then we want to transition into a bit more of your story.
So, similar to like your My Story videos or like carousels, a bit of first-person storytelling when you run through, where were you before, you know, what was the turning point, where are you now, right?
For your clients, it could be, you know, their current situation versus their desired outcome, but a bit of first-person storytelling where you're being emotional and honest and talking about the struggle, the turning point, and the results.
So, for example, Sue Ways, he had a video of him showing him in the high-rise in London, showcasing how much he's made in that day, showcasing eating some good food, and yeah, he's got a little caption of like, life doesn't get much better than this.
So, immediately a pattern interrupt because he's showing people's desires. He's showing the high rise. He's showing the nice view.
He's showing the payments coming in. He's also showing, you know, the nice food as well. Yeah, Maeva, I'll definitely be sharing this as well after.
And then he transitions into, you know, where was he before? So 2023, Mae, he basically talks about like the pain points, right?
What was his before point? Where was he struggling? And he's basically like confessing, being very emotional, being very open and honest with your audience.
And as I said, this really comes down to the core of story sequences, where the whole aim is to give a level of honesty you can't really provide within the short form content or within the long form content.
So, see where he's got a picture of himself doing like a call in 2023, talking about how, you he felt a bit stuck and basically providing a bit of advice as well.
Now, the second part of this framework is where you bridge to the solution. So, you know, you've provided a story, maybe provide a bit of value or a message.
Now you want to bridge to the solution. So, you shouldn't actually shift these limiting beliefs. And then we transition.
So to a CTA where you ask your audience to take action and qualify them. So for example, Suway, now he transitions to today where he's making X amount and then has a little message where he talks about consistency, predictability, and basically positions himself on the same level as the audience, really shows, okay, cool, although it looks like I'm successful from the outside point of view, this is why we're the same, this is why it's still achievable for you too.
And then finally, know, the fourth slide doesn't really do a CTA, but he has more of a payoff where he delivers a lasting message and links it back to his audience's pain points.
But as you can see, there's a key correlation between each of these stories, very cohesive, and the messaging is very clear and intentional of showcasing that transformation, but also selling the outcome, selling the result that he's now got.
Now, the reason this works is because it lowers people's guard, they don't feel like they're being sold to, it gets people to take low resistance actions.
So this could be anything from DMing him, know, clicking on a link if you want to link like a long form video, or even.
And it creates like a deep emotional connection, making you memorable. As we've said before, in your content, you really want to focus on selling people on you as a person before you try to sell them on the product.
And this is a perfect way and a perfect example of it being done because we're focusing on, you know, admitting, okay, I wasn't in the best position before, but actually using that to relate to the audience as a result.
That's really what's going to stick with them rather than just constantly, you know, throwing them client results you've got or your current results you've got, right?
Like really showing the before versus the after because relatability hits harder than the guru post. So let's say you guys do hit a record month.
This is something I want you to consider. How can you actually show, you know, your success in a way where you're not necessarily just throwing the result of the audience, but actually telling a story of it, right?
And sell them more on the story rather than the result, because that's what's really going to build a long-term cult-like following.
Cult mistakes people make with this is, you know, generic hooks. So stuff like once grow on IG, stuff that's like.
Not very related to the story, very generic, not very personalized, sounding like a teacher instead of a real person, so not leveraging enough of the emotional connection, not focusing on the storytelling, once again, focusing on the value of the result, and then listing achievements with no emotion, as I just said, if you hit a record month, don't necessarily just throw the screenshot up and be like, oh, look how much money I made, because at the end of the day, there's so many people on Instagram doing that, right?
People have really grown past that and don't necessarily care anymore, it's not that impressive. So actually linking it back to the story and creating that emotion, and once again, mixing in topics, whether they'll be like heartbreak or content tips, but that's the first one, so emotional driven stories.
Any questions on that before we move into the FOMO stories, or are we all good? Perfect, should be all good.
Okay, so in terms of FOMO stories, this is basically where we're creating urgency through Social Proof, so it's kind of in the name, but framework for this looks like, okay, hook and prove.
So this could be like a number. How much money was made in what timeframe, and then showcasing proof. So this could be through a video, this could be through a screenshot, this could be through like an invoice payment, and you want to lead with the result.
So kind of different to the last one, we're focusing more on the result here, and focusing more on the outcome.
And then you want to transition into context. So explain how you got X outcome in the simplest way possible.
Now, this kind of links back into your fulfillment system. How do you actually deliver, get results for yourself, or for your clients?
for Surya, for example, we showcased that we generated 74k cash straight from existing clients, right? From renewals and upsells every month.
And then he talks a bit about, you know, fulfillment, fulfillment system. Then he goes on to talk more about his mechanisms.
So as we mentioned here, explaining the context behind it. So he launched a management system two months ago, helps clients with the setting process.
So this kind of gives people an idea of his fulfillment, bit of an idea of offer before. Like without actually explicitly saying, you this is how I deliver for my clients.
Then you want to transition more into social proof again. So drop another win, DM screenshot testimonial, and have a CTA.
So directly ask your audience to DM you, right? So for example, two of his got, okay, my average LTV for a client is 16K.
People always ask what they should do to get similar numbers, and then he shares some values. So some actual steps people can take from that.
Then once again, he transitions into more social proof. So he talks about a client result, guy called Matgot, who's in the program.
And once again, doubles down on the messaging, really hones in on that, and then transitions into a CTA. So not only has he showed social proof multiple times, he's shown personal results he's got, you know, explain the mechanism to get them.
He's doubled down on his messaging, and he's also linked it back to a client result before transitioning into CTA.
So he's given a lot before he's actually asked for anything in return from the audience. Now, the reason this works, once again, is because people buy based on emotion.
So, you know, Results trigger desire, right, and we've really created a fear of missing out because we've shown, you know, two ways getting results, all these other guys from the program are getting results, and this social proof is effectively removing any objections, any limiting beliefs before they even form, or just solving them on the spot.
This is another reason why we're able to consistently get like 16k piffs and lay downs on sales calls with minimal objections because they're all handled within the content, not only the short form and the long form, but also within the stories.
And once again, it positions your offer as proven. Common mistakes with this are sort of sharing the results without the context, so, you know, for example, if Sue is to say, we're making X amount, but not giving an idea of, you know, how we actually go about that, so your fulfillment, your delivery.
No screenshots of making a claim without proof, that's kind of straightforward, I doubt any of you guys are making that mistake.
Overcomplicating the explanation, so you want to keep it super simple, so either people can take action from it, or so you can actually get a good understanding of what you do, how you deliver And then finally, like a week CTA is you want.
Talking about the fulfillment, you know, showcase the impact you're having, or, you know, providing a bold claim, maybe a controversial take, and avoiding just dropping the win, pretty simply, but then showcase improve, showcase the student win, testimonial proof, whether that a screenshot, DM, or a paid invoice, so, for example, re-ripped one a couple months back in, like, November, I don't know if Devin's on the call, but with Devin, where he got some crazy content results as well, Seward did, like, a little talking head to start the video off, controversial claim, probably talking about how, you know, our fulfillment, the best in the industry, then goes into a client result, so Devin went from posting three times a day with no strategy, to being extremely intentional, like you can see, he went and got some pretty crazy results, just like that, right, then we transition more into stacking proof, so we want to build it up with one, two more client wins, double down on it, and create this overwhelming credibility, and then we want to attack beliefs and lead into a CTA where we call out the ICP problems, solve the mechanism, then, as I said, transition to CTA, which could be price increase, a freebie,
So, for example, here we once again doubled down on it, spoke about the financial side, we went from content to the sales side, showing we're covering every area of fulfillment, and then we even got a video testimonial from Devon as well.
Now, we don't have a CTA for this one, as the intention behind this story sequence was more for nurturing, so make sure you guys are super mindful of what is the actual intention behind the story sequences you're ripping, and make sure you're doubling down on the same message throughout, so that your intention isn't lost, or the messaging is unclear in the stories.
But the reason these works is because third-party validation is always going to be more influential than self-promotion, right? It's all well and good seeing the personal results you're getting, but at the end of the day, people really, you know, only care about themselves when it comes down to it.
So they want to see what results you're getting other people, because they're to be asking, you know, what results can you get me, right?
So if we're stacking these wins and building overwhelming proof, the viewers are to begin to see themselves in the results.
And this is why it's super important to show So all of your clients within your content and within your client results, because some views are going to resonate with certain clients of yours, some aren't.
So if you can showcase all your clients, you're going to basically provide more ways and more routes for the audience to actually resonate with you and your offer and think, okay, this guy can probably help me.
For example, Suway's got a lot of Asian clients, right? So they will see, okay, these guys are performing well, so he can probably help me.
Or it could come down to like the niche. So people might say, okay, these fitness coaches are getting really good results.
Let me go to Suway as well. So it really comes down to how can you showcase more of your clients because your viewers are going to resonate with certain ones.
This is really going to help with converting them. Common mistakes people make is once again, you know, sharing wins up front without a hook.
So this just takes away from the impact and basically makes it like less powerful. Only showing the results or only showing one result.
So you want to focus on how can you stack credibility and as I mentioned, link it back to different clients.
Really double down on that because this is what's going to really create credibility and help your audience resonate a lot more of the results you're showing and then also not providing any insight on the mechanism that actually created the win so when you're showcasing these wins it's super important that link it back to you know what did this client actually change that they weren't doing before in order to get this outcome right this is what's going to give them a lot more clarity on whether you're a good fit to coach them or you know whether they're a good fit for your program actually understand your deliverables and then finally not attacking beliefs or linking it back to ICP problems so once again you guys know the importance of understanding your audience but making that super clear here and really linking it back to them as well next one is documentation story before we jump into that any questions on the previous ones we've gone through are we good we all good for now you guys a moment yeah i'm going to share the um call recording at the end and obviously the um gamma presentation
And then yeah, you guys can come rip these for yourself. Jump into the fourth one. So fourth one's the documentation story.
So showcasing what's happening in your life, the behind the scenes and connecting it to your mechanism. As we said at the start, this is going to be really important to actually build more of like an intimate one to one connection with your audience, because they feel like, okay, they're getting access to you that no one else is getting access to you, right?
It feels very exclusive, feels very behind the scenes. So in terms of framework for this, how are want to structure the hook, typically it's going to be a pass and interrupt, call out, vulnerability, or desirable moments.
So once again, showcasing the outcome. And you want to double document, you know, what's actually happening in your life, whether that be work, progress, challenges, or wins that you're sort of experiencing.
For example, with a two-way one, this was back in November when, or like late October, when we ripped a London mastermind for the clients.
So we're documenting London mastermind, show more sort of a work side. Then we transition into a client win, so Danny Lappman, big fitness coach in the program, talking about how much he made, so 34k for the month, I think it was like midway through November, and then we showcase some more wins, so Jake Seals, another win there, and then we talk about how we're dialing in fulfillment and clients are doing better than ever.
Then we transition, so kind of break the rules here a bit, but show what we've been building in the business, show what we've been working on, even have like a little CTA, so something very subtle, but we're providing our audience with a ton of value.
I remember we got so many inbounds from this, it's pretty one of our best performing CTAs, so here we gave away like a ton of SOPs, something you guys could consider doing, I know it's performed really well for us, and had the DM super active, so we'll recommend you guys looking into that.
And then we simply transition into linking it back to the mechanism, so explaining why are we getting these results, you know, why are we able to host a mastermind, why are we able to get our clients such good results, why are we giving away so much value, and then tying it back to the systems, as I mentioned, the SOPs,
This could be, like, habits, strategies, or mindset shifts you have. So once again, you know, this was quite a long one, but Sury went and doubled down on it, showed his personal results, how he had a 20k day to finish the month, made over 100k in the last 10 days, then goes more back into, like, the documenting side, so he's got his Halloween fit here, was a bit of a freaky fit, but showcasing more about, like, the personal side of things, and then, yeah, going back, linking it back to the business, linking it back to the messaging, and finishing it off on a 300k month incoming.
So, that's kind of the documentation side of the stories, really, once again, showcasing behind the scenes, and then linking it back to the business model.
Reasons works, pretty straightforward, you guys can pretty work it out, but it's because it feels so authentic, and it's not really scripted or salesy, it's like a structured mess, like, it's all over the place, but it's still quite structured in the same way, right?
We're still feeling, okay, you know, we're linking it back to Sury's personal life, you know, we've got personal life being, like, the business here, then we've got, like, the Halloween fit, here he looks like he's in, an airport or something.
But then we'll also link it back to the client results, then we'll link it back to his results. So it's just a bit of everything all in one place.
And this is the beauty of stories where you can deliver it in such a quick, straightforward way and like such simple wording, you can just deliver so many messages at once, and the audience can actually take them on.
But once again, works well because it's showcasing your lifestyle well, building desire, connects real results to your system, and actually shows how you can help people, and it doesn't need to be carefully planned.
As I said, it just needs a good hook, and then the rest of it, you know, you can just throw your ideas in one place, and really just deliver one message as simple as possible.
But other one kind of similar, this is more like a personal story, so sharing a personal journey, maybe having like a controversial take, that like is like controversial or, you know, contrast to the standard beliefs in your industry, and then showing any like breakthrough moments.
So, two-way did one where he talks about going shopping, that his mum and himself are going to get matching Rolexes, kind of controversial, people are going to see that and be like, how can this guy afford to get...
Matching relics with his mum, but also, you know, a personal achievement showcase behind the scenes, and then he talks into, leans into like the whole idea of money isn't by happiness, and goes and talks about your values, your beliefs, and some morals, so sort of sells people on two ways ideology, but also has a controversial take of money isn't by happiness, while documenting the behind the scenes, showing what he's up to on a daily basis, but reason it works is because, as I said, people follow people, not brands, you really want to sell people on yourself, rather than, you know, selling people on the product or the outcome.
And, we're going against the grain and triggering engagement and debate. Everyone on social media has an ego, they love to comment, they love to think their idea is the best, you know, they enjoy the controversial content, and this is why any controversial content, or, you know, negative content seems to perform better, because we're triggering engagement and getting people to speak.
But then also, the viewers are seeing themselves in your struggle, so, when you're documenting, showing like the before versus the after, or maybe showing the lows of the month, people are going to see you.
See themselves in your struggle. They're going to resonate with you a lot more. It also just feels a lot more authentic because typically everyone loves to show the highs on social media.
If can really show the lows as well, people are going to love you. They're going to buy into you.
They're going to resonate with you a lot more. Now, so there's some frameworks for these. I'm not going to go through each of these ones.
I'll let you guys go through this when I share the presentation. There's a couple of hook frameworks. As I mentioned, for these styles, for the storytelling stories you do, the hook's really going to be the most important part, but then the rest of it can be a bit less structured.
But I'll let you guys look through these when I share the presentation after. Now, the final one I want to go through is the Q&A engagement farming story.
Now, if you guys are struggling to get the DMs active, if you're not getting many ICP followers from the content, this is a perfect way to leverage your existing audience on your story and actually get the DMs flowing.
So we've ripped this with Suway quite a few times. Let's say the marketing's not hitting this week. know, the content's not brought in many new ICP followers.
We rip this on the story and the DMs are going to be flooded. time. time. that played… more. But I can hear wrong
It's good way to get DMs active and like actually give people value and give back to people as well so you can put something up like I'll be personally answering some DMs for the next few hours DM me your bottlenecks and I'll send you some advice on what you need as you can tell very personalized people are going to love this because they feel like oh you know I take this small action and I'm going to get so much value from this it's to be personalized and it gives me an opportunity to ask him one on one how can I get some help now obviously some people don't even realize this but it's going to be the setter answering even better if you can answer yourself another way you can format this is doing free consultation calls so this is something Dario ripped last month as well he obviously ended the month on 104k in January and he just ripped hella free consultation calls I think he did like 10 in total managed to upsell like literally everyone from a free call into the program so this is another way you can approach it I wouldn't do like these two together these are like ones you can split out maybe do once or twice a month but yeah ripping like three on to
You people in the DMs, book them into calls if they're qualified, share a bunch of value, and effectively you're building an ecosystem, because even if people don't buy into you then, if you give them a value overload, they're going to be in value debt to you, and when they do have the money, they're going to want to come back to you and invest.
So this is another way where you can leverage your existing audience, and also do some market research. So the reason these work really well is because you're basically getting a ton of insight on your audience's problems.
If there's anyone in here who doesn't, like, have much clarity on their ICP problems, this is a really good way to get that in a super quick time span.
I know I say to a lot of you guys, like, one of the best ways to find out where or, like, which piece of content most of your audience came through is, like, the onboarding forms.
That's what we do with Suway, you we ask people, which video did you find us through? However, doing this, like, lets you leverage the DMs.
If you haven't really gotten many clients, maybe it's a new offer you're running. It'll basically allow you to collect a ton of data.
On top of that, you're giving people advice. So they're going to feel like, once again, they're in value debt to you, you know, you're going to be on their mind, if you overload them with value, they're going to be like, even if they can't afford what you're offering, they're going to want to come back to you and want to invest in you.
And effectively, it's really simple, you know, your second takeover and booking calls. However, you can also focus on getting into DMs yourself, build a personal connection, but by dropping voice notes, I'm really getting like stuck in there.
Yeah, final thing I want to cover, and then yes, then I'll come to your question after that as well.
Make sure you're always quality checking your stories before posting. So go through, you know, ask yourself, okay, is the hook too short?
Is it like scroll stopping? Is it actually going to be a pass and interrupt that gets people to stop and engage?
Is the text easy to read? Does the story sequence have a clear purpose? Now, what I see a lot of people do is the messaging kind of gets lost in the story.
They're kind of trying to, you know, give off like three different messages or change three limiting beliefs at the same time.
Really try to focus on one and double down on that. Basically, to be of a a Say the same message, but just word it differently, so you can emphasize your point.
And then also ask yourself, does the viewer gain either value, clarity or connection? So once again, really understand the purpose behind your story, and make sure that's clear throughout all the slides.
Now, that's basically it for this presentation. We'll jump into a Q&A in a second, but I'm going to share this presentation with you as well, then also I'm going to share it with you, basically like a price increase story sequence.
This is the one I mentioned that we ripped with Dario, so anyone thinking of doing a price increase story sequence, this is like a framework you guys can follow, which will make it super simple.
As I said, Dario ran this, and over the space of seven days, this attribute is like 30k worth of cash collected, so something each one of you can rip, especially when you're doing a price increase.
But I'll share this with you guys after the call as well in the value section, but other than that, we'll open the floor to Q&A.
So yes, then, I'll start with you.


@36:56 - Iestyn Krauze
How can I help? Yo, so you know what you said about the... The three calls, right? And you said, people might not be able to afford it, but they'll come back to and things.
Is Sue A price dropping on these calls for when people come back? Well, if they say, oh, I haven't got money right now, but I can come back to you.
I know, like, the whole purpose of the calls, the game is so much value that they want to come back regardless of the price.


@37:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
But are you saying the price on that call? Or is it more so, oh, we book that in when you feel ready or when you've done, got over when I've got over or something like that?
Yeah, so obviously, like, because George handles, like, the sales calls now, for example, he'll kind of qualify them on the call.
So obviously, we'll drop a bunch of value. He'll give them, like, an audit of the brand, break down, you know, the marketing side of things, maybe go into the sales side of things, ask them to look at their systems, and then just put them in, like, value debt and overwhelm them, maybe showcase some of our systems and what we've got.
And then from there, it's about actually, you know, qualifying them. So kind of starting out if it's something they can afford.
And once he's done that, he'll either decide, you know, do I transition into showing them the pitch and dropping the price?
Or, you know, are they not a good fit for the program? So you kind of got to suss it.
You can probably suss it out by looking at the profile as well. But yeah, like, you want to avoid price dropping until, you know, you think someone's seriously going to consider working with you.
But regardless, where you're giving away so much value, people are going to be left in a value debt with you, where they feel like, you they kind of got to come back to you.


@38:19 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, sounds good. I appreciate that, bro.


@38:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. Ajani, how can I help, bro?


@38:25 - Ajani Burgess
Yeah, can you hear me? Cool, cool, cool. I was interested in your student win testimonial format. I was just thinking about, I did recently a few client testimonial, like, response videos.
Do you think that this is, like, a similar approach? And this kind of second part of it is, if I need to make a hook before the video, how long is, like, too long to have, like, the client kind of talking about his wins and things of that nature?


@38:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That's where you chop it up. Yeah, I mean, so, for example, with this


@40:00 - Maxime Jacovlev
Yeah, thanks for the value. I have a question about highlights, because we are doing the highlights. So those daily sequences, they are very like vulnerable and everything, as you said.
But what do you think about like the start here, highlight, the system, successes? Should they be like more salesy or just like this?


@40:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, the start here one's got quite a strong structure in the fact that, you know, talking a about your story, you know, where were you, like, everything down to like growing up, the turning point that led to where you are now, then you're kind of going into your personal results, then the client results, and then you're transitioning into a CTA.
So naturally, that's going to be a bit more salesy, simply because it's longer, and you're providing, like, the audience is consuming a lot more before you're asking for anything from them.
So, like, one thing for all of you guys to remember is, before you ask, you have to give, especially to your audience on Instagram.
So, yeah, I'd say with like the My Story ones, those are fine to do more like a hard CTA.
But with the other ones, just be careful about how much you've actually given before you ask for that thing, but also implement the soft CTS as I mentioned before, where you've got the freebie, the lead magnet as well.


@41:13 - Maxime Jacovlev
Okay. And do you think that making the stories on IG makes a difference between making them on Canva, for example?


@41:23 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I actually do, to be fair, because I think Instagram can, like, tell. As I mentioned before with, like, the polls and, like, the sliders, Instagram can tell when you're using their, like, stickers or, like, their resources.
So naturally it's going to kind of push it out more. Whereas if it's, like, something downloaded from Canva, to them they're just registering it as, like, another picture.
So if you can try, leverage Instagram's features as much as possible, maybe, like, for example, Sue Way filming, like, video, like, literally on Instagram, leveraging their subtitles, that's going to market you using their platform, using their features.
So video's probably going to get pushed out a bit more and be favoured over other people's


@42:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
It makes sense got you got you Jakob how can I help what's up brother this is more of a question not regarding to the stories because I was watching the like the Sweden mastermind the where where they talked about Danny's business and what Lucas said over there was like basically that it's all about building it with in like you obviously your unique angle and I kind of wanted to ask like so for example my unique angle is like building really a fully individualized system around the center back so they shift in this identity of becoming a dominant center back the question is like how do I show that in the content in terms of that it doesn't get repetitive is it just like okay I have this different topics like let's say supplements training and I somehow like geared into there and how would you kind of go about that like how would you show you
So your unique angle within your content without just making the content about the unique angle, if that makes sense.


@43:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
okay. I mean, one thing you've got that people can't take away from you is like, firstly, your story, but secondly, your day to day life.
So even on the stories, like, even on like the actual stories you're posting, right? One thing you can show more is the behind the scenes and the actual day to day.
So what does it actually look like to be a footballer of your caliber? What do the training sessions look like?
What does the nutrition look like? What are the highs? What are the lows? Because, I mean, think about like, okay, you're posting a picture, like think about the pictures you're using, right?
You might showcase you in the changing room or you in a manager's office or something like that. These are things that a lot of people sort of aspire to be in that room.
A lot of people aspire to have those daily experiences, but don't have access to. So that's going to be your unique angle where you actually document and showcase the behind the scenes more because you're living the dream outcome.
So if you can show that in your content and show every different aspect of the dream outcome, as I said, whether that be the highs, the lows, lows, lows.
You know, it could be you getting benched. could be, well, I doubt you get benched, but it could be, you know, you in the manager's office, could be you in the changing rooms, right?
Sort of stuff like that, where this is like what people want to see. That's what people are really going to follow you for, and that's what's going to set you apart from, like, other creators.


@44:17 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, here's another complicated part. Like, I myself don't play right now anymore, like, because I'm basically done. So that's right now, like, that might be also a question, like, right now I'm basically done.
Like, like, I'm in between going back to play, but also, like, obviously just focusing on the business. But yeah, so right now I don't have actually the day-to-day of a player, where I've just focused more on, like, the coaching side.


@44:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, still, like, don't view that sort of negatively. Same principle applies, right? Show sort of the behind the scenes.
But just make sure you implement, like, talking about the transformation, how you went from, like, a player to now someone who's coaching it.
Then you can also document. If you're going to get back into football, how you're getting back into the process, what that looks like, getting your fitness back, that sort of stuff.
So same principle applies, really showcase the behind the scenes, because that's what's going to make, that's what's going to be truly unique.
That's something no one else can actually replicate.


@45:14 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay. So kind of like have, no matter what I do, have it more of like the, okay, I as a player do this and this, like, and then tell the value of like training or anything through that?


@45:30 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure.


@45:31 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Because I'm a little bit lost right now on like how to provide my value in terms of like, I talked, like when Sui was like, I asked him a question about ideation because I, right now I feel myself getting caught a lot up into like, when I look for ideation, I'm like, like I'm going through other content and I'm basically copying their content with like, obviously my own story.
this story, but I have the feeling that I'm getting way too, too


@47:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
You know, let's say a story 20 hours ago versus kind of now, naturally the second one you post is going to perform a lot worse because it's just going to be shown to less people.
Obviously, like you've got to think stories are shown as the first thing you click on. So it's kind of winning like that refresh battle.
But I'd say like, yeah, once you post the first batch, you're going to get shown, if you like repost the second batch, you're going to get shown less.
So I'd wait for them to expire and then move on to post like a second batch of stories as well.


@47:31 - Ajani Burgess
Cool. Appreciate it, man.


@47:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. Any other questions before we wrap up or is everyone all good?


@47:42 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, I actually have one if it's cool, like regarding the script.


@47:46 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Go for it, bro. Oh, yeah. Let me, I know we said we reviewed that. Let me share my screen.
We'll get that reviewed. Have you got, are you able to like copy into the doc and link it in the chat?
So I don't have to let me share my screen with discord uh so i should put it in a doc okay one sec yeah if you can do that that'd be sick and then we'll review that um yeah anyone else got anything then use help in the meantime i should be chill um but as i mentioned i'm gonna send you guys the camera doc after call i send the call recording too i'll also send the seven day um price increase story framework as well for any of you guys planning on ripping a price increase um and then yeah we'll get all of that dialed in but yeah finn we'll end off on end up on your review all right i said is it cool all right let me share my screen again so what's uh what's like the format of this video by the way uh to be honest probably just talking head that's it it that's bullet boys son of a jam we don't understand what it means
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
Okay, nice. So, first thing I say, I try to implement more of an element of authority where you can link it back to your personal result and the room you're in.
Maybe tell more of your story, because not only link it to someone else's here, but the way it's going to be most powerful and most impactful is by linking it back to you, so that's potentially something you could add into the script.
where you talk about your experience of how you've been positioned in certain environments and the small change you've made to actually make sure, like, the small change you've made to be positioned differently, perceived differently.
One thing I'd also like double down on is think about the end messaging. So, the end of the script is always going to be the most important because this is like the payoff, right?
This is like the reward people get for watching the video. . . And typically, if you look at your Instagram analytics, people are going to engage with the video a lot of the time, like at the start and at the end.
So if you can have a super powerful ending, that's going to determine how many more people actually engage. So I'd say with your ending, I feel like the messaging kind of shifts differently from, you know, how someone's value changes based on their environment versus, you know, taking your personal brand seriously and lowballing.
So one thing I'd say for you is try and make the messaging throughout the video a bit more consistent, decide like, okay, do you want to talk about the environment or do you want to link it back more to personal branding and focus fully on that.
Because otherwise you're kind of going to confuse the audience, messaging is going to feel like less intentional. The messaging is going to be unclear.
And as a result, that's going to negatively affect the engagement. But overall, like the idea is really good. think it's just working a bit more on the execution and then, yeah, it should be good.


@50:53 - Fynn Lühdorff
But does that make some more sense? Yeah, really helpful advice.


@50:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thank you so much. Thank you, bro. Anyone else before we wrap up? All right, sick. Appreciate you all jumping on.
I'll get everything sent into the value channels and the recording channels, as always. And then if any of you guys need any help or want any one-on-ones, need some more personal advice, just drop me a message in the one-on-one channels.
We'll get everything dialed in, but appreciate you guys jumping on.


@51:22 - Joe Dooley
Appreciate you, bro.


@51:23 - maeva
you. Have a good one. Thank you. Thank you, bro.


Consulting Mastery Group Call w - February 25
Consulting Mastery Group Call w - February 25


VIEW RECORDING - 70 mins (No highlights)




@1:00 - nigeldaley
Yeah, was pretty good, I was there for like four days, yeah, but it was nice, got to see the boys.


@1:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nice, it was Josh's mastermind, right? Did he just invite you out?


@1:10 - nigeldaley
Yeah, yeah, so I went to see how he rolled it out, it was good, he did a good job.


@1:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah, cool, cool, cool, I love it, I love it. Jacob, how are you, man, you're all good?


@1:25 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yeah, doing good, doing good.


@1:27 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hell yeah, hell yeah, sick. Cool, Fynn, how about you, bro, you all good? Very good, very good, long time no see, man.


@1:36 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, it's been a while, huh?


@1:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's been a while. Yeah, yeah.


@1:39 - Fynn Lühdorff
Sick. Been in Cyprus, but it was pretty sick. Yeah, how was that? I mean, the weather was , but Cyprus itself is super sick.
We both went during the wrong time, bro, we went when it's cold and . I know, I know.


@1:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's one of those ones. But yeah, Cyprus is cool, man, you guys should all visit, it's really cool, it's just like, you gotta...
I Choose the right time to go. Me and Finn went during the wrong time. So, yeah, it doesn't help.
Cool. Reyes, how are you? You all good?


@2:08 - Reyes Abalos
I'm doing blessed, brother. I like the glasses. They look fresh.


@2:11 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Appreciate it, bro. A little blue light lockers on, you know? But, yeah, I just thought I'd switch it up a bit every now and then.
Yeah, cool. All right, guys. Today's going to be a bit of a different one. So I was thinking, like, okay, you know, I could do another presentation.
I could do another topic, make it a bit more, you know, dopamine stimulating. But a lot of you guys liked the last one where it was very practical advice.
It was very, you know, like, in-depth, detailed, really, really long explanations. A bit boring, but very, very helpful for a lot of you.
And, you know, I got really good feedback from that one. So I thought I'd rip another one of those today.
I'm going to have my notion out. And essentially, I want to go around in circles and basically, like, go over what is your actual problem.
Right now, like, what is the number one problem that's holding you back? And if we solve, that we solve today, we'll allow you to sign 10 more clients and build a, you know, if you're at 10K, a 50K a month coaching business, or if you're at 50K, a 100K a month business.
I only want one thing that you can really pay for. I don't want you to ask like five, 10 different questions, just one specific problem that if we solve today, would allow you to five to 10 extra business.
So we're going to go in a circle and chances are your problems will, your questions will also be answered by someone else that asked already.
Because 99% of you already have the same problem, whether it's a setting issue or a content issue. Okay. So we'll go in a circle, whoever has any problems or anything, we can start from there.
But before we do that, I want to go over a few wins. Wyatt, what is your win, man? You know, I mean, you kind of mentioned that already, but no one was really, no one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


@3:50 - wyatt webber
If I'm just about 3X my followers since joining, so like in the last month, and we have just about 10X.
the business since last month as well. literally had like, it was 7.5k last month, and this right now, we're at 85k, and we're gonna hit 100, bro.


@4:10 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
We're gonna hit 100.


@4:13 - wyatt webber
Let's go, bro.


@4:14 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Let's go. I'm gonna prepare a 100k month trophy for you in the next Client Mastermind, so I love it.
Bro, guys, this is the that I want you guys to look at and be like, yo, what? You know, like, how is that even possible?
How is that even realistic? But, it's like, if a guy like Wyatt can come in, have the same exact coaching, same exact resources, same exact everything is you, and 10x his business and be on track for 100k this month, there's nothing stopping you guys from doing the same thing, okay?
So, I really want you guys to look at Wyatt as, you know, someone that you can look at as a benchmark, but also just like, allow him to just break all your limiting beliefs, because he's absolutely crushed the word of content.
That was the main thing that we focused on, and bro, just absolutely knocked out the park, okay? What was that piece of content advice?
you implemented that really allowed you to scale so fast, man.


@5:02 - wyatt webber
Yeah, bro. It was like my content was like hyper, way too hyper specific. So I just started like making it much more broad, really focused on being really intentional with what I said.
So I was able to hit a really wide audience, but just resonate with my ICP way more. And that's really what just changed everything for me.


@5:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it, bro. I love it. Good , man. Good . I love to see it. But yeah, shout out to Wyatt.
Does anybody else have other wins that they want to celebrate? It doesn't have to be financial. It could be personal.
could be about followers. Really anything, you know? Yo, see, wait, I'll share one.


@5:42 - Reyes Abalos
Oh, my God, go for it, bro.


@5:44 - nigeldaley
No, I was just going to gas Wyatt up. I was going to say, good job, bro. Keep it up, bro.
You're crushing it.


@5:48 - wyatt webber
You're a dog. Thank you, Ray. Thank you. I appreciate you. I love it.


@5:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Ray, let's go ahead, brother.


@5:55 - Reyes Abalos
I was going to say, bro, I implemented the client interview that you had mentioned and I'm going


@7:00 - Kennedy Davis
I only got like 200 followers. I love it.


@7:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And what changed for you? Because I know you went from one of those people that just hated and dreaded content to now you're crushing it.
So what was the main thing that changed for you?


@7:11 - Kennedy Davis
I would say just the biggest thing is you just shifted my perspective on like how I actually create content, like not really thinking like it's a chore and thinking like how can I like each piece of content should inspire someone to take an action.
And if I have that power like in myself to actually change somebody from like feeling like, oh, they can't accomplish their goals, they can't hit a milestone, then that's like really pretty big.
And just taking that a lot more serious. And then it just became fun. Like when I'm writing the scripts or when I'm saying something and then adding all like not just like text B-roll, like actually kind of developing B-roll and all that kind of stuff, putting more effort.
I'm like, okay, this is actually pretty cool. And I was happy about the work that I did. So I would say that's the biggest thing.
I love it.


@7:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I love it. Good stuff, guys.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@9:00 - Ajani Burgess
For me, I never really liked putting out content, so I think that's like that rollover effect, but lately I've been getting more into it.
I did try Wyatt's format, and I started to get some reposting and some people coming to me, like instead of me doing cold reach out.
But I guess the question that I have specifically is, I've been trying to do one or two reels a day, and I'm just curious, do you think it's wise to bump it up to three to fives?
Because I know it's often volume, but is it like a waste of energy to be pushing out like reels all the time, or like what is your scope on that?


@9:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Okay, so the first thing that I want to answer is the mindset regarding content. I think every single one of you, like I'm a business, I want you guys to be very clear on this.
I'm a business owner that understood how important content is, and I forced myself to fall in love with content.
Like that's the first thing I want you guys to understand. If you look back at my content, oh my goodness, like it was actually like terrible, okay?
It's not that he dialed, like, yes, maybe he, he did, you did dial in the setting process, right? Like, I think George placed a setter for you, and you guys are cooking on that.


@11:07 - wyatt webber
I did it all myself up until, like, a week ago. Okay, cool.


@11:12 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So it was kind of a mix and all that, but you get the idea. Yeah, the one thing that he really tweaked was the content.
That was the one problem that he, that he changed, that he really solved, that allowed him to generate all the ICP leads that he now has, and it's helping him scale.
So you guys need to look at that entire situation and ask yourself, why, if that's, if this is the impact that doing one specific thing in the business can have for somebody, why am I treating it like a chore?
Why am I not excited to research content, knowing that if I film one specific good, really good reel or really good YouTube video, that could lead to thousands of ICP leads that I could never even fathom.
I could even fathom, you can't even imagine. That's the first thing I'd say. I want you to... Treat every single piece of content as if it could change your entire life, because it can't, because it seriously can't, you know, too many of you are thinking that, oh, you need 20 pieces of content, hundreds of pieces of content, like, if you just get one right, and you're intentional about the rules that you post and the YouTube videos that you post, and you really do your research, you will do well.
And the reason why is because it's a one-to-infinity activity. It's not one-to-one. And that's why we preach content over appointment setting.
Because content can make up for appointment setting, but appointment setting can't make up for content. So, to go back to your question,
AJ, Ajani, I want you to really just understand that, first of all, if you're bumping into three to five reels a day, you need to find what is a sweet spot that makes me work hard for content, but not make me dread it.
So you can test. If it's three, that's the sweet spot, and four is like, the fourth reel, you're like, , I gotta film another one.
Okay, then stick to three. But if you're constantly dreading content, that means you're doing the wrong thing, and it's not going to be good for you.
So make sure that you don't dread it. That's the amount that you should do. And for me, I'm a very simple guy.
I understand the importance of content, but I'm not going to do it to a point where I'm dreading it all the time.
So for me, like one to two a day is my sweet spot. So you can test your sweet spot, but there is no right or wrong.
It just depends on the outlook that you have towards the content. If film eight reels and you're fully energized on the eighth reel, and you have the same energy levels and the same tonality and the same communication, bro, do eight reels, you know?
But if you dread reels after the second or third one, don't film more than that. And just get so good at filming those two to three reels extremely well that you get to a one to infinity output, okay?
That makes sense.


@14:24 - Ajani Burgess
A little context, since we spoke, I've hired a few editors just to like, because I hate editing. I think that was really like my issue.
Like I've shot so much stuff, but I'm just sitting in my camera because I'm not editing it. So anyway, uploaded a bunch of that stuff.
So I have editors who are editing a bunch of stuff. So I have like maybe 30 reels now that I can just post and share.
That's just contextually where I was coming from. I'm like, I could stick to what you were saying, like finding a sweet spot about like creating the captions and that still takes time to do.
but I think. I'll work on just adding one and seeing if I could keep that and then finding that sweet spot is probably what you're saying.


@15:05 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
There you go. There you go. And you should look at each reel. And you guys want to treat it like a game because I know every single one of you guys are competitive, right?
Like you got to understand what really gets you going. For me, I'm competitive. So if I look at my past reel and my past reel is better than my newer reel, I'm pissed because now I want a standard lower.
I want a layer lower. And so now I want to kind of one-up myself every single time. So you need to understand what is it that gets you going and how can you play into that?
And so I'm naturally competitive. So what I'll do, I'll find someone that's doing extremely well or like doing well in a similar niche and want to overtake him.
Not in a way where it's like tough. But like, it's just like a benchmark for me to have like, okay, you this guy's ahead of me, even though I don't think he should be.
But he is ahead of me. So he's doing something right that I'm not doing. What can I do in my content to one up my content to make myself better than him?
And it also in turn make myself better compared to the person I was yesterday. And so I got I find a person usually like, you know, 30 to 50k followers above me.
And I look at his social blades, and I really study him and he's on my hit list. And I have another guy once I pass him, another guy's on my hit list.
And so it's like, that's what gets me going, because I'm a competitive person. I love to win, I love to compete, you know, and if you don't like that, and you feel like that's childish, you know, then that's not for you.
But that works for me. So you got to really find what gets you going and what really gets you to want to work.
I played sports growing up. So this is all I know. All I know is being better than the person right behind me.
You know, I've done races, I've played basketball, I've done football, you're always competing for that starting spot. You're always competing for that next thing.
You're always competing for the MVP or the award or the recognition or the captain. You're competing that Whatever it is, this is what I know.
So, Ajani, you got to find what works for you and what really gets you going and find people that you could put on your hit list if you're competitive like me.
But that's the main thing that I would really talk about, okay?


@17:14 - Ajani Burgess
Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Of course, of course.


@17:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Does anybody have any questions on what I just said about the competitiveness, the content, anything that I talked about?


@17:28 - Kaj Kronenburg
I do have a question. Go ahead.


@17:31 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You said you want to win from your competitor, but what is for you winning?


@17:35 - Kaj Kronenburg
Like, is it more views or does?


@17:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Winning, I would say, like, I mean, views and engagement is like a very good benchmark to look at. I want to say views because views means you're just targeting a broader total addressable market.
It could be, like, how many likes, how many comments, you know, what are people saying, all of that .
That's what I would use as a bench. Like, you know, this guy, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna outcompete, like, nah, keep that to yourself, it's just use it as like an extra benchmark, an extra fuel, to get things going, and it'll really, really help you guys out in the long run, if you know how to do it the right way, not in a toxic way, okay?
Cool. Okay, anything else, guys? This could be about this one, or just in general. What are some problems you guys are facing?
Go ahead.


@19:34 - Jakob Schnitzler
Kind of touching base, based on this, with like content, how does your ideation process go in terms of like, research and ideation?
Because I've found myself the last, I would say the last couple weeks, with like, researching a lot and everything, but I think I took too much inspiration from others, and therefore like, led a little bit, like my, I obviously package them in my own.
own way, but still, like, I felt a lot reactive to, like, the posts I've been researching, instead of, like, really having my own idea, and then researching.
I think I did it the wrong way around. Like, how do you go about ideating? Is it, like, you have an idea of what you want to do, and then you get inspiration how to package it, or, yeah?
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH


@20:19 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
How do I go about ideating? Okay. So ideation in general is going to be really, really cool. The first thing that I do is I set aside time to actually look at content.
Like, if you're not consuming content, and you're not, like, okay, I'm not talking about just doing scrolling, but intentionally scrolling to understand, like, what is working in your industry, and what is working in your niche.
So what I have is I have an alt account, where I follow a bunch of my competitors, and I use that to get content ideas.
And so for, let's say, like, the first thing that I do is I get ideas, you know? Like before I script out a video, I get ideas.
And if you can script a video that's like super good, the idea is , there's no point. So the ideation is the most important part of the process before you even do anything.
I ask myself, is this idea validated by at least three people? Does my ICP actually want to watch this idea?
And, you know, like, does this idea spark an emotion? These are three things I ask myself. And if it doesn't check off all three, it's not a good enough idea.


@21:44 - Jakob Schnitzler
It's not a good enough idea.


@21:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
And go ahead. Do you get the idea before you research or do you get your ideas by researching? Both.
Both. So ideation comes from you and the competitors. So it could be a fact of you looking at market research.
So what did I do the other day? Let me show you guys what I did. Brainstorm. Let me find it real quick.
But I had a very specific thing that I wanted to do that allowed me to really understand exactly what's going to allow me to appeal to a more sophisticated demographic.
Let me find it. Okay. So essentially, your top 20% of your clients will lead to 80% of your revenue.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
I keep on repeating this. Remember this. Okay. Your top 20% of your clients... 80% of your revenue. So now the question is...
is... I talk How can you constantly target this top 20% of clients? How can you constantly go after them and look after them and talk to them in the content?
So what I did was I basically compiled a list of people that I've worked with, people that I enjoy spending time with, all of that.
And I essentially did a whole market research form on what is actually going on. What are the overall problems that they're making?
And then I made in bold specific things. You know, I went through my type form, I went through certain fathom recordings, I went through certain, you epiphany moments that I had, and I just did a lot of market research.
And I do this once every month. Because my ICP is always changing. I'm always trying to appeal to a more sophisticated type of market.
And so these are the main deep root of problems, right? Unfulfilled potential, key man risk, don't know how to build a team culture, doing too much volume and hard work, can't take a holiday without stressing.
And so one thing I'm doing is like, I'm just coming up, you understand you. Your market's so well and their problem's so well that you can create content around that.
And based on this, now I can, bro, I can be creative and create a skit of a voiceover of me talking about how working too much is causing you to be stuck in your business, which I did.
And we're going to post a lot of videos like that. My Paris trip was a content trip. I recorded the entire thing.
It's going to be almost like a documentary style video where I'm talking about how I'm going on a vacation, but I can't focus on actually being present.
And I'm always stuck to my phone and glued to my phone and not being present. That is going to be a very, very niche topic that only my ICP understands, which is still top of funnel because other people struggle with it as well.
But you see the idea how that stemmed from a deep-rooted problem. So your best ideas are done through market research.
And then also just by looking at other competitors, by researching. What has done well for them? All of this will lead to good ideas.
And so a lot of you guys have trash ideas because the only thing that you do is you only research your competitors and you never do market research.
You got to do both. If you do both, now you have your own twist. And now you can have your own unique mechanism that plays a role into why they actually want to watch the video.
So, yeah, Jacob, does that make sense, brother?


@25:33 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yes, 100%. Thank you so much.


@25:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. This is the way you guys do ideation. It's a mix of everything. But I will say the best ideas that I've personally come up with have come from understanding market research.
And, you know, the videos that have done the best for me have always been the ones that lean into people's desires and pain points.
So this one. This one is what I ripped recently. This is about team culture. Where did I get this from?
from? Where Where No capable team members. So how do I show people that they have to hold their team members accountable?
And also, it's entertaining. Because when you hold someone accountable, it's kind of stressful, it's kind of tense, right? It's tense as because it's like, man, I feel awkward, I feel like I'm in the middle of interrupting something, which is why I did well.
So it was a content piece that appealed to a demographic that was specific to help people know how to train reps or train capable team members.
But it was also entertaining because I included the silence. Pay attention to this. Like, actually pay attention to how I played this out.
While you're working here, I don't want you on the team. So you've been on the team for two weeks.
You've edited four to five videos. So you're taking on average two days to edit a video. Is that right?
Do you see the problem? No, 100%. You guys may think. So I show a bit of a silence and then it cuts to the value part.
It's all about the packaging. Imagine if I just said, oh, f***. This is how you train your team. Boring.
But what if I showed a clip of me actually doing it? Again, showing, not telling. But this video was only like a, I only thought of this video because I did the market research and I understood exactly what these guys are struggling with.
But you guys kind of get the idea, right? That's like the whole premise of it. If you can find a way to make it entertaining and make the packaging different, it's going to rip because how many videos have you seen about people managing team and team culture?
Bro, if I just talk about team culture, it's boring. But if I show a section of me calling out a team member, which is a bit awkward, but it's entertaining, and then I went into team culture, the packaging makes it different, which makes it feel different, which attracts more views.
And a middle funnel reel got 22K views in a span of 20 hours. That's pretty good. It's going to hit 100K views.
I didn't copy a... format, I understood the format, and I understood because of researching and understanding just overall industry trends, and then looking at my market.
Jakob, does that make sense?


@28:12 - Jakob Schnitzler
Yes, 100%. Just getting like really unique and entertaining with like kind of the value everyone is giving, like looking at the ideas, but then think about, okay, how can I put this idea now into a really unique, entertaining way?
Yeah, I have a couple ideas. Love it, bro. Love it.


@28:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Wyatt, think you had your, did I answer yours or?


@28:35 - wyatt webber
No, mine was just a really simple question, but I don't need to answer now, so we're all good. Okay, cool.


@28:41 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Nigel, what's up? My question is a little bit different.


@28:45 - nigeldaley
It's more sort of on the mindset side of things. So, as you know, I went to Miami, and I got this one piece of advice from you, and it sort of stuck with me.
It's like you don't move like a CEO, right? You


@30:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Now, the first thing that I'd say is that, when it comes to running a business like a CEO, like what this fundamentally means is that, like, you need to have, you need to be hyper self-aware of everything you do, and your thoughts at all times.
SCREEN SHARING: Soowei started screen sharing - WATCH
Because if you don't, that's when you get in the, you know, like, you get in the whole rabbit, you get into a rabbit hole of just, like, doing low leverage that makes you feel good, but doesn't move a needle forward, which is what you've been stuck in for the last few months, if not years.
So, the way to be hyper self-aware is, like, you always need, like, in everything that you do, in everything that you do, you need to ask yourself, is this moving the needle forward?
Forward. Everything. Because. Your most valuable asset is your time and your attention. And wherever you put your time and attention will dictate how much money you make as a CEO.
So every single person has the same amount of hours in a day. And maybe some of you, I can promise you 80 to 90% of you work more than me.
Promise. And you know, you guys are probably wondering, okay, like, what is he doing that I'm not doing? The thing that allowed me to really pinpoint exactly what I need to work on is asking myself this question.
And pinpointing my time. So I'll tell you what I did. I set a timer for 30 minutes. And every time it rang, I tracked it on a spreadsheet.
And I did this for one whole week. Every 30 minutes. So the timer goes off, you go to your spreadsheet, you put in, okay, 6.30, this is what I'm doing.
7 p.m. this is what I found myself doing. 8 p.m. this is what I'm doing. 8.30 p.m. this is what I'm doing.
9 p.m. And you just get so good at tracking where your time is going. Because we all like to say, oh, I'm working on content.
But then you catch yourself responding to a DM when you were working on content and then suddenly three hours goes by and you didn't do jack .
So I did this for one whole week without fail. And then I put this spreadsheet into ChatGPT and asked it, you know, like a prompt.
I'll send you guys a prompt. I'll pull up the prompt and, you know, I'll send it to you guys once you guys actually do this.
But I put it in a prompt where it's like, I'm trying to steal my business to X amount. My main bottleneck is XYZ.
This is the market research that my client is struggling with and all that. How do I actually focus on the right inputs and am I focusing on the right inputs?
ChatGPT will essentially give you a rundown on whether or not you're doing the right things. So the way to actually run your business like a CEO is choosing where your time and effort actually goes.
And the way to do that is by tracking data and tracking meticulously as if your life depends on it.
And when you can do that in a seven-day time span, you understand, okay, like my A-plus problem was appointment setting.
But I spent only four hours on appointment setting this entire week. So what the , what the did I even do?
CEOs are not, the best CEOs are not the best CEOs because they can do the most things. They are just the best prioritizers.
They know how to let fires burn. I understand, it's future goal 이야기複数 Every single one of you has four to five fires in your business right now.
If you have the constant need to extinguish every single fire at the moment you see it, that's the reason why you're stuck.
You have to let the smaller fires burn and take out the bigger ones instead of trying to take out every single fire that you see.
So, Nigel, this is how you run a business like a CEO. You have to be hyper self-aware, and the way to do that is to set a timer.
And then I would also recommend meditating 10 minutes a day as soon as you wake up, and before you go to bed.
If you do these two things, you will have pure clarity on where your time is going. You will 100% be so much more aligned with what you have to do and move the needle forward, okay?
I appreciate that, my brother.


@34:56 - nigeldaley
Does this make sense, though?


@34:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Any questions? questions? No, makes sense.


@35:00 - nigeldaley
Pure sense, you sure?


@35:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It does. Cool. Let's run it. Implement that, and then once your spreadsheet is done, let me know, I'll you the prompt, and we'll take it from there.
Okay? Okay. I'll do this with you. Whoever wants to do it with us, feel free to tap in. Okay?
We'll do this for a week. I'm going to start on Monday. So you guys can start on Wednesday, it's up to you, but I'm going to purchase it on Monday because that's more accurate.
And we'll take it from there. Okay? We'll do this together, and then we'll implement all of this. I'll give you guys more details on the Friday call.
But I hope this helped. Aaron, what's up? Hey, man.


@35:38 - aaran
I was watching your video with the guys in Sweden, I think it was. And Ryan and Alessio had this moment where they said, we understood two pain points of our client, and then we packaged it into one video.
I think the context was they deal with people that are busy, and they don't know what content to post.
So they did a video on how to get a month's worth of content using AR.


@35:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
They blew up. They did really well.-hmm.


@35:59 - aaran
1 For me, the kind of issues that my clients have been facing are kind of like really weird, and I've been really struggling to get ideas around this.
I wondered if maybe you could help me go through how you would go about it. So I've been jumping on calls with people with 100,000 plus followers, and they've got like no money.
Like, I mean, one guy, million followers, made zero money in last 90 days. Another guy has got like 12K followers, he's a trading coach, and he doesn't know who to hire.
He didn't want to have a team that come in and do like a 12-week consult and then leave. He wanted like an actual team.
And then the other one is just like set and process is really bad. And I've been asking ChatGPT, and I've been uploading like my, the voice of my customer and my ICP sheet.
And ChatGPT just honestly, it's just terrible. So is that enough context to maybe like just get like a couple ideas together and just try and understand that?


@36:46 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well, what is the main question?


@36:48 - aaran
The question is, how would you take those pain points and then ideate a middle of funnel piece of content, like Brian and Alessio did?
So they kind of ticked two boxes in one video.


@36:58 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
The question shouldn't be. The how to get that shortcut and how to get the solution. The question should be how to develop the framework so you can develop a winning video every single time.
And if you do that with AI, your content is as replicatable as anybody else's. So the question shouldn't be how do I find a shortcut?
How do I find this new thing? How do I find this new strategy? The question should be how can I develop a mental framework at the mental capacity to be able to spot patterns and create a video idea that hits as well as they did without having to rely on something else.
The reason why I don't like AI is because if you can do it with AI and it gives you a banger idea, then essentially the only thing that's stopping your competitors from doing the exact same thing is getting your prompts and getting the amount of data that you're trained to AI on.
I don't like that one bit. So I would shift your perspective from how do I use AI to how do I think about this myself?
Now, in terms of how to think about, you know, like... Let's say viral, middle, funnel ideas that target pain points as well.
Here's how I would do it. I would set aside minimum three hours to do market research every single week, non-negotiable.
I'd fill out market research sheet based on calls you have with ICP prospects. And I would find the ability to like, like, I want you to be able, the ability to snap your fingers and think exactly like your ICP.
This is how you think about viral, middle, funnel ideas. Because if you just simply ask your clients. Consuming it, but understand what exactly does your ICP actually struggle with, and how can you lead into those pain points?


@41:05 - aaran
It's that simple, man, okay? Makes sense. have a sheet like the one you've got, and then instead of using AI to try and merge it and asking it, like, what kind of content, would you kind of, like, just review those bullet points and then just sit there, like, with a coffee or something and, like, think of it?


@41:20 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yes, yes, yes. You guys, bro, you guys think that ideas just come to me naturally? Ideas come to me not when I'm thinking about it, but when I'm just doing .
But because I've fed my mind so many inputs and so much insights on my ICP, it gives me good ideas.
The best ideas don't come when you're thinking about ideas. The best idea comes when you're just strolling around, and you have all the data and all the insights in your head, and it just kind of pieces itself together.
If you don't give yourself time to think, and you force yourself to ideate, because, oh, it's ideation time, your mind isn't going to work.
Think about the best ideas you guys have all came up with. The best ideas have come up when you're not even trying to think about it.


@42:01 - aaran
I think that was the answer. Yeah, that's perfect. Because that's what I guess I was getting at. was saying like, even with AI, I can't think of ideas when I'm sat down ideating.
But I think the better approach is just read through everything. And then obviously, I've been doing this business now for like nearly a year.
So unless I'm terrible, I should be able to just spark a few ideas from there.


@42:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So makes sense.


@42:19 - aaran
Makes sense. Exactly.


@42:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
When you're doing ideation, you can't come up with anything. The main goal should be how do you feed your mind enough insights and data to the point where ideas will flow.
Well, you're not thinking about it. That should be the main goal. Okay.


@42:33 - aaran
Got you. All right. Thank you. Of course.


@42:35 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. Jai, what's up, man?


@42:39 - Jai
So my question kind of links to the CEO thing we were talking about a minute ago. But it kind of links to leadership, right?
One thing I realized, especially in Sweden, is not only how like, obviously, the fulfillment's really dialed, like Aiden, Nick and all that.
But the thing that I realized is that. How on the movement they are, like, I spoke to all of them, and they were all like, they all wanted to stay working for the company, right, they were all very invested into you and the company, and I just wondered like, how you would actually like, how you attain that, right, how do you get people that are so on the mission, how do you, because like Nick's probably, he's doing the setting, right, he knows how to set, but he's probably doing more follow-ups, he's more invested than previous offers he's been on, right, he's just so, he wants to succeed, and he wants to see the company, how do you like, get to that level, is it how you hold yourself, because one thing I also realized is like, every time there was a difficult task in Sweden, you were always the first to do it, you wanted to run in the ice bath first, you wanted to jump in the snow first, to like, was it like, to set that standard, you know what I mean, like, it sounds silly, but, yeah, yeah, that small psychological thing, you showing them how to do it, and you being the first person to do it, yeah, like a really, I think it's quite a big thing.


@44:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Actually, it's such a good question. I think that's the best question so far today. And it's funny that you mentioned all the ice bath stuff and, you know, me doing it first.
I actually didn't even think about it. I think it just came subconsciously. And it's just like, I've always been like, just get it out the way, you let's just do it and always lead by example.
But I'd say the main thing is that you have to get out the idea that they want money. People don't want money.
When you sign a setter to your account, or you have a closer, you have a CSM, if you're paying them a good amount, but they're only there for the money, what will end up happening is that a better earning opportunity will come their way.
And if your momentum is slow or your business is slow, they will jump ship and they will go right to the next thing.
I don't sell them my money. The money is a byproduct. The money is generally just a byproduct. The main thing on why my team is super dialed in and, you know, they're all in-house and everyone is just absolutely, you
You know, willing to run through walls is because I care for them. I don't look at them as an asset to me.
I look at them as like, man, I need to build this business in order for them to achieve their goals.
If not, they're going to go somewhere else. I need you guys to understand this. Every single person has goals and ambitions and desires and outcomes, not just you.
If someone dropped, like if someone's in the online space, first of all, they're an outcast in society. Majority of people would have just gone to college, got a nine to five.
They're an outcast. It means they're ambitious. And if they're ambitious, that means they're going to go through anything to get their goals.
And so if you show them that you can do what, like you will do whatever it takes to help them achieve their goals, they will do the same thing for you.
Because they know that you're willing to run through a wall for them and they're willing to run through a wall for you.
That overall mindset will help you more than you know. Oh, it's not about, oh, you know, oh, I'm making 10k a month as a setter.
Okay, what's the next rule? You know, closer, closer here, closer there, whatever. Like, no, there's no point of doing all that.
You know, the main goal is just like, how do I constantly find that new, that goal and find that reason to run through a wall for them?
So the first thing is actually caring about your team more than you know. How can you care for your team so much more than they care for themselves?
And so I like to say to myself, if I can show that I care more for them than they care for themselves, like we're going to have a long-term partnership.
Okay, that's the first thing. And the second thing is how can you have a mission that's big enough that it fits everyone's goals and standards inside the business?
So if your setter's goal is 5k a month to start off, okay, reverse engineer, what do you need to do in order to get him to add this?
Okay, these are the inputs that you need to do. And then these are the inputs that he has to do in order for him to get to this point.
And a thing that really helps that it's super overlooked, I hire people that are close in proximity to me, if you haven't noticed already.
I'm in London. Half of my team is in London. You know? And the people that are going to work with me, they're moving to London.
So, it really does help that I'm in a big city and people are nearby because I can talk to them, can hang out with them, and all of these things.
So, that really helps out. You're muted, bro. I don't know. You're talking?


@47:39 - Jai
Oh, I was just speaking to Cam, but I was like, yeah. It's like one of the things that is, like, so important that is having a person in person compared to online has a different level of accountability.
Like, they can't not do the work if you're sat next to them.


@47:53 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. And everything I say is out of love as well. Everything I say is out
So in a sense where it's like they know that I want the best for them and they're willing to run through walls for me, which is why during slow months, like slow months in business are inevitable.
got to ask yourself, like if you hit a record low month, would you be able to, you know, sustain this person on your team?
And if not, if they're willing to jump ship and you can test their loyalty and , I'd rather hire someone that's less skilled but more loyal than the other way around.
So I look for traits that really make people just like really, really want to run through walls for me.
That's how I look at it because I play the game long term. And if I train a setter for just to be, just for him to churn in two months, because there's a better setting opportunity, I just wasted two months of work.
Like compared to me spending an extra one month to train the setter up to be as skilled as that guy, but he sticks around for a year and then eventually becomes a closer and then a CSM and then XYZ.
Like that's what I'm talking about. You know what I mean? Really ask yourself, what is a five-year vision with this person?
you see yourself working with him long-term? Is he a culture fit? All of these things. And then you have to be the leader that's capable of leading them to their goals.
And so I think subconsciously, I've just always been the first to do it because if I show that I lead by example, the team will follow.
If I show how I interact with clients, the team will follow. If I show how much I care for everybody, the team will follow.
So your team is only as good as where you take them. That's as important as the people you hire, okay?
Yeah, I think that definitely answered my question.


@49:33 - Jai
think even like subconsciously you do it. Like even if you said like the ice bath and stuff, you just did it out, going again out of the way.
But I think subconsciously you wanted to be the first person that did it to set that standard, which I think, I don't think I'm doing it like enough right now.
It's like holding myself to that standard so that my students, like the coach or whatever under me can hold themselves to that standard as well.


@49:56 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You have to, bro. Come to London, come to London, hang out. You know what I mean? Like that. How, like the fact that you notice that in, in Sweden, in the span of like what, three, four days, like if you're just in London constantly and you're constantly around the team and how they operate and you can ask them and me as well, bro, you'll learn more.
So just whenever you're in London, just let me know and we'll run it and we work.


@50:15 - Jai
All right. Perfect. All right.


@50:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Hope that helped. And I hope every one of you guys got value from that as well. Because every single one of you guys is trying to build something big.
A lot of you guys are getting to the point where you're hiring your first few team members and that's the mindset you should have.
Okay. Okay. Seriously. Cool. Pedro, what's up, man? What up?


@50:35 - Pedro Oliveira
Dude, this call has been like crazy.


@50:38 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But it's been like insane.


@50:40 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah, definitely post that on YouTube.


@50:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like why it said crazy.


@50:45 - Pedro Oliveira
So one question that I have is like when you mentioned, it's very simple, but I just wanted to know from you because, you know, I could look up to.
And so when you said you keep like feeding your mind and you keep like learning.


@50:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like you want to do.


@51:00 - Pedro Oliveira
That, um, in the past I used to read more, um, over time I stopped, but I'm not sure like what you do, like right now what I do is like YouTube or like calls like this, sometimes podcasts when I'm driving, um, yeah just trying to understand like how do you keep learning and keep growing every single day.


@51:17 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Well first of all comes from a fear, I think you need to understand what works for you, like you gotta understand yourself so much, I know, I'm like, I'm low-key a bit of a psycho, like, maybe just a bit, you know, like, if, if, if I don't progress, I'm either being stagnant or I'm regressing, and that scares the living out of me, that scares the living out of me.
I also understand that if I constantly out learn my competition, I'll be able to say things in my content that nobody else will say, and instead of regurgitating the that everyone else is talking about, they'll regurgitate the that I'm talking about.
So how many times have you seen someone copy a format that I've ripped? And you're like, oh my gosh, this is just another copycat.
And you completely disregard that person because you said the exact same thing that I said. Or something else that happened.
Like, it always happens. I never want to be put in that category. Never. So the way to do that is to get constant feedback and constant learning and information from people that are above me that nobody else is getting from.
So that I can be the first one to say it in the content and everyone else copies it because it works.
That's what I want to do. So it's super, super important. Like, it's so funny that Andrew and Josh said that to you, Nigel.
Super, super funny. And it's like, imagine if that was on social media. Imagine if like, okay, I posted that and then Josh posted the same thing and Andrew posted the same thing.
Like, the perspective that it would have is night and day. Because now they wouldn't look at that much of an authority.
But because it happened in person and it felt like, oh, Nigel was getting that information from that. M, which it was happening, like it felt really genuine and it really hit home.
But on social media, how you perceive something is just super, super important. So from my perspective, it's like, if I'm not the one consuming content, then, and I'm not the one learning new information, I'm constantly going to be a step behind the people that I'm chasing.
And so the way that I do that is I constantly set time aside to learn, learn, learn. I made it a habit for me, read 10 pages every single day, very simple.
Instead of listening to music, listen to podcasts in my ear while I'm traveling to different places. When I'm in an Uber, again, another podcast.
Like when I'm not working, I'm listening to podcasts or I'm giving myself time to think. And when I am working, I set aside time to actually study and learn new information so I can repeat that in a more sophisticated way and get more authority for my brand.
That's the stuff I'm talking about. You know what I mean? So And then, you know, if you're And That's what I would say.
It's just like a, it's more of like a mindset thing of knowing that if I don't do it, then somebody else will, and they'll get the credit for it, which I hate.
And just wanting to be one step ahead, again, the hyper competitiveness. So a lot of you guys played sports growing up, right?
I know, Kennedy, you did volleyball. Why? Did you play any sports, bro? Nah. You look like you do soccer, bro.


@54:21 - wyatt webber
I started hockey in like ninth grade and went from being like the worst to then taking our team to be undefeated a year.


@54:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So that's sick. That's sick.


@54:33 - wyatt webber
Typical white boy sport, hockey.


@54:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But, you know, like, if you think back to like the days where we did sports, those were our most competitive days.
And so if you can integrate that sense of competitiveness and that sense of drive into business, and want to out-compete every single person and constantly want to be the guy that makes the biggest leaps and , bro, like, you're going to crush.
And so many of our, like, peers in society is like, They kind of told us, like, dial down the competition, dial down the competitiveness.
Oh, wanting to be better than someone else is not, bro, it's not good. I think it's amazing. Because you're in a vehicle where you dictate how much you make.
I think it's terrible if you're in a job, but every single one of you has your own vehicle. Run that , you know, like, tap back into that fire.
So what, just do whatever it takes to get that fire again. Like, once I realized that I was in a vehicle where I was the limit, I was the one that's holding me back, I tapped into my competitive side again.
It got me to, you know, where I was today and, you know, the sports and all that. And that's how I want.
So, bro, I just want to win, man. I want to win, and that's what leads me to keep on wanting to learn.
So when you want to win and you fix the cause, you will learn how to learn. Like, the effect will be natural.
So fix the competitive drive first, and then everything else will follow, okay? Yeah.


@55:52 - Pedro Oliveira
Thank you. Awesome. Of course.


@55:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Of course. Hope that helps. Kennedy, what's up? Yeah, um, this has been.


@56:00 - Kennedy Davis
That's helpful too. Even like Aaron's question with content, I know that's my A plus problem right now. So it's helped me with ideas and all of that.
My question kind of relates to, you kind of said holding account, like having accountability or holding your team accountable.
But like, I guess, how do you do that right now? Like I'm trying to do that with my clients.
There's like some people that is like just not doing what they're supposed to be doing, if that makes sense.
And how do you actually do that in a way that it's like, you know, not so hard, but like, also it's like, like I had a client, for example, today actually just got off before this call or before this call happened was just like, I don't know how to come up with my own ideas.
And she's like, I've watched three hours. I watch your video. I have a bunch of notes. She's showing me her notes.
And she's like, but I just, when it comes to myself and like actually creating the video, I don't know, like my brain, I don't know how to describe.
I'm like, okay, describe to me. Like, she's like, like, describe a hook. And she's like, I can't get the words to say the hook, like how to explain, I'm bad at explaining.
And this is her biggest thing is like, she's been working on content, working on content, and she's just not, I don't know, it's confidence.
So I guess you get what I'm trying to say. So basically, like, how do you actually hold your clients accountable when it's like some of the most, yeah, I'm just going to leave it there.
Yeah. Yeah.


@57:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So it's a mindset issue. It's not a content issue. It's a mindset issue. And there's two things that you should do.
The first thing issue is you make them realize that, first of all, they're playing the complete victim mindset where they think that, you know, everything is happening to them and they're not in control of the situation.
So the way that you get them out of that rut is you tell them a story about how you felt the same problem or you dealt with the same thing and you did X, Y, Z and you changed their perspective and then you achieved this outcome that you always wanted, which you did.
Literally two weeks ago, we were talking about you struggling with content and now you're fixing it. And now I'm assuming in another two weeks, it's going to be your favorite thing ever to do.
It's going to be your strength. We're going to. Turn your weakness into strength, right? So talking about a story like that.
And the second thing is targeting a more sophisticated type of client. And them knowing that, hey, if you're going to do it, like, here's the thing, that would never happen in my situation because if that ever happened, people know that they're just wasting their time and their money.
We're at a point now where we have so much proof and testimonials and information that we're good at what we do, that if you're going to sit there and give me a stupid excuse like that, that's on you.
Like, that's generally on you. So you kind of have to play that angle where it's like, how do you get to a point where you have so much proof and testimonials that it's like you demand authority and you demand respect from your clients.
And if they don't do something that's that simple, they're wasting their time straight up because you shouldn't be solving problems like that.
You know what I mean? So I'll tell you why I never struggled with that problem. Like, if I ever struggled with that problem, first of all, the price point.
for you to make X amount of money to. Join this offer. You have to be very competent. And so you're not going to struggle with like, I can't explain the hook.
Oh, it's my, I can't put the words. No, you know, it's like for you to pay that amount of money, you have to be a certain caliber of client.
So that helps me with the fulfillment side of things. Okay. And then the second thing that I'd say is like, you really have to get these guys to understand that they're not a special princess.
They're not a special snowflake. They're not special. So you're the same as everybody else. And a lot of people, a lot of business owners love to feel like, oh, I'm a special situation.
No, you're not. Straight up tell them. And they have to hear it directly. And so like Wyatt said, smack them around a little bit.
You have to do that. You have to. And just show them like, stop, stop bullshitting. Stop, stop doing all this BS, this nonsense that's not taking you anywhere.
And, you know, let's actually take it to a whole new level. And that's the main thing I'd do. So those two things.
Stacking more proof so that you. never have to deal with this again so you can charge more. And then while you are still dealing with this type of client, just calling them straight up and just telling them, hey, do a bit of storytelling as well and be like, hey, I face this as well.
And if they still can't do that, I would double down on another client.


@1:00:18 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, I think you're absolutely right with the price because it was actually right when I first started, when I was only doing $1,500 now and then $1,500 after.
And it's, she was always beginner, very beginner, just started off. And so like, that was one, the problem, but then also like, I guess, I was going to say, shoot, the mindset aspect of it.


@1:00:45 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You said something really, really good.


@1:00:49 - Kennedy Davis
Shoot. Shoot. I think Wyatt said, okay, I think I might figure out. It might come back to me, but like.
Yeah, you're good. Yeah.


@1:01:00 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
He was like smacking him around a little bit.


@1:01:01 - Kennedy Davis
Like, I think the biggest thing too, is like, you said that she works 12 hour shifts too. And so like, she's a nurse and like, she, like, whatever, you know, I definitely agree.
Like, you're going to have less time compared to somebody else. But at the end of the day too, it's like, you know, I, I can't think about these type of problems when someone is, oh, that's what I was going to say.
So I'm a female. And I think that when you say like the type of respect people have to you, it's like, kind of like, I'm sure no one texts me.
Like, if I text you, hey, I'm feeling discouraged today, Sui. Like, I'm feeling quite sad.


@1:01:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, things like that.


@1:01:38 - Kennedy Davis
That's the type of messages I get. And I don't know if it's because I'm a female.


@1:01:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
But like, it'll be on the weekend.


@1:01:45 - Kennedy Davis
And I'm like, oh my goodness. You know what I mean?


@1:01:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Like, yeah.


@1:01:49 - Kennedy Davis
You have to set expectations.


@1:01:50 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
You're not a therapist. You're a business coach. Straight up, you know? And it's like, I don't think I ever get messages like that.
They're absolute Gs, you know? And you guys know that that should be some problems you figured out yourself, and you guys come to us for business problems.
But the expectation that we set is very, very clear. Pedro, please don't. I'm playing. We can have a group therapy session if you guys really want to share your feelings and all that.
But I think just the expectation that we set is just so clear. It's like you wouldn't waste our time with this BS.
You wouldn't waste our time by telling us how you feel and stuff. And so you want to make it very clear to them on the onboarding call.
So it's actually a set expectation issue. And because it's the client that you first started working with, you most likely didn't set expectations clearly.
So what I'll do, I'll get Fosia to send over the expectation SOP that we set for every single one of our clients, and the video module that we get every single one of our people to watch.
And it's like, even Ajani, I don't know if you remember this, Ajani. I mean, you definitely do. But before he actually hopped on a call with me, he was hopping on like 10 different group calls.
And I was like, bro, when are you? Who's to tap in with me? And he was like, oh, I wanted to make sure that we get the most out of one-on-one time.
Like, that's the I'm talking about. You know, like, he wanted to implement first, and it come to me with a problem that he knew he couldn't solve himself, so that we can run it up together.
Like, that's the level of, like, expectation that you need to set. So it just really comes down to those three things, expectation setting, making sure that, you know, these guys are, these guys know exactly, like, what to go to you for, and then also just being able to have so much proof, then raising your prices, so that they're more competent.
If you do those three things, you'll be fine. Okay? I appreciate that.


@1:03:36 - Kennedy Davis
Thank you.


@1:03:37 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Awesome. Hope that helps. Sick. How was this call for you guys? Was it good? Love it. Love it. Love it.
I think you guys are liking a lot of, like, the more just practical, personalized advice, huh? What do you guys think?
Yeah, like, the call on Friday.


@1:03:53 - Pedro Oliveira
Yeah.


@1:03:54 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Very, very valuable, for sure.


@1:03:56 - Pedro Oliveira
Awesome.


@1:03:57 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah.


@1:03:58 - Pedro Oliveira
Awesome.


@1:03:59 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. I for a lot of you, like, a lot of you deal with some of the same problems and you like different perspectives as well.
So if you guys have specific solutions as well, feel free to chime in. But we're definitely going to do more of these, like, tight-knit, more, like, conversations because I think that'll help you out more instead of just, like, you know, a topic a week.
So, you know, when it comes to, obviously, if we're implementing something and it's working well, we'll obviously, you know, share that with you guys.
But if there's nothing crazy, I don't want to just go over a topic just for the sake of going over a topic, you know.
We'll add more personalization. I want it to make it feel like a big one-on-one call where every single one of you gets your questions answered.
Okay? Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Hope you guys enjoyed, guys. I'll catch you guys in a bit. And I'll see you guys on the Friday group call.
Okay?


@1:04:45 - wyatt webber
Of course.


@1:04:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Take care, Can I just ask you a question before you go when everyone leaves?


@1:04:50 - Jai
Of course, of course. Go ahead, bro. Go ahead.


@1:04:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
What's up? Oh, I was just going to ask.


@1:04:57 - Jai
Basically, I'm creating like a free community. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that.


@1:05:02 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Don't do that. Really?


@1:05:03 - Jai
Nah, stupid.


@1:05:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Free community is a cope with lack of marketing because you're not attracting a qualified enough ICP. And when you do a free community, you attract people that want more free stuff that are not going to pay and you're just going to freeload, especially for a B2C.
So instead of just doing a free community, you can do a free course, but you shouldn't have a free community.
Um, yeah, like just target a more sophisticated ICP where they don't need a free community to be nurtured. Okay.


@1:05:32 - Jai
The reason why I was going to do it, like, um, similar to like Andres is I'm still doing my free course.
Like I've been doing it for the last week. It's long. But the reason why I wanted to do it for my niche and stuff is because doing like, cause we're going to do like one training call week.
It's got like, you know, stuff people mock calling it. I just think it's like way more good to nurture people.
I don't feel like for sales, like, I just think it would be so, I genuinely think it would do really well.
And. I don't have the free course as a link, but I just think community would do really well, especially for sales.


@1:06:06 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
I mean, you can do it, bro, but you don't have, you don't even have a lead nurture problem. have a lead flow issue.
So you're solving the wrong problem. You're focused on the thing that won't get you any results. You can do it.
And then you can come back to me when it doesn't work.


@1:06:17 - Jai
I'm just telling you what, what, I think.


@1:06:21 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Free communities only work when you have massive amounts of volume. And that's the last thing you have right now.


@1:06:26 - Jai
You know what I mean? And so you're going to put all your time and effort to solve that.


@1:06:30 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
It's going to go well. Maybe, you know, you sign a few clients, all of that, but it's like, unless you have an audience, like, you know, hundreds of thousands or tens of thousands, I wouldn't recommend it.
Okay. Okay.


@1:06:42 - Jai
Yeah. Cool.


@1:06:44 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Awesome.


@1:06:45 - Jai
Cool.


@1:06:47 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Cool. Uh, Wyatt, you're crushing it, bro. Keep it up. Honestly, very, very happy.


@1:06:54 - wyatt webber
Yeah.


@1:06:55 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
For you to go from 7.5 to, to that ridiculous, bro. I'll get you. We're host like a official call, like an official Wednesday call as well, after February wraps up, but I think that'll be sick, okay?


@1:07:08 - wyatt webber
Yeah, I think I'm going to hit 100 today, because we've got 85, we're at 85 cash collected right now, and we got like, I literally am sitting on calls until 8pm for me, and it's only 12 right now, so.


@1:07:18 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Yeah. Like, we're going to hit it, Bro, you got to like, you got to document that live, bro, like, literally document it Like, it?
Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, bro, okay, I will, I will, will. And then hop in the lounge and just give us updates, or like, send messages in the general chat, it'll be funny.
Dude, I'll hop in the lounge and be like, alright, another person closed, another person closed. Let's do it. That'll be tough, man.


@1:07:37 - wyatt webber
But yeah, happy, bro. Keep, keep it up, man. Keep it up.


@1:07:40 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
Thank you, thank you.


@1:07:41 - wyatt webber
Meva, what's up?


@1:07:42 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So wait, is it cool if I just ask you one quick question before I pop off? Of Yeah, so you talked about targeting a more sophisticated ICP, right?
How, like, even when you were first starting out, how did you get that confidence to target a more sophisticated ICP when before you were healthy?


@1:08:00 - maeva
Helping like beginners get to like a more of a small result.


@1:08:03 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
So how do you get that confidence to promise such a big outcome? How do you get, what was the last part?
How do you get the confidence to promise such a big outcome to a more sophisticated ICP? I don't promise a big outcome.
I just show the outcomes that we get for our clients and then they make their own interpretation. So the goal should never be to promise a big outcome.
The goal should be to get so much proof and, you know, like client testimonials that people make assumptions based on what they think.
But if the proof that you've had has been from people that weren't that sophisticated and that got, you know, like fewer results, how do you get that confidence to target people and like charge that much essentially?
I want to say it's like, I think it's more so just like me knowing that my stuff works, whether it's for a 30k month business owner or 100k.
Thank you.


@1:10:00 - wyatt webber
Awesome.


@1:10:01 - SooWei Goh (gohconsulting.com)
All right, let's go ahead and wrap it up here. Mark, it was updated if you hit 100K this month, or 100K today, I should say, and then we'll take it from there.
Why, if you don't hit 100K, you're out.


@1:10:15 - wyatt webber
I'm just going to quit. I'm just going to stop my business. I'm just kidding. We'll All right, thank you so Of course.
Of course. All right, take care, guys. In a bit. See ya.


Thursday Mastermind _- February 26
Thursday Mastermind - February 26


VIEW RECORDING - 52 mins (No highlights)




@0:00 - aaran
Right now, because usually you're on the move. This meeting is being recorded. Recovering from an old man, hernia operation.


@0:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, that's dark.


@0:09 - aaran
I know, man. When we was in London, I was like, you boys are all like 1918, and I'm going in for a hernia off next week.
I was like, , I'm not unk.


@0:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah. Where are we headed?


@0:19 - aaran
Bali.


@0:20 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nah, oh, link up with Nick and George.


@0:23 - aaran
They're out there right now. Yeah, I messaged him. I think they come back just as we're going out there, unfortunately.


@0:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Oh, when are you going out there?


@0:30 - aaran
End of the month, but I've got a client that's actually paying for the entire trip for a week. They run like this crazy active holiday things, like people that love fitness, that have businesses, go on it.
And we're running their ads and that for them, so they're, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. I'm going to get some cool content.


@0:49 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, that sounds like the average Bali holiday goer.


@0:53 - aaran
Typical. I've heard it, yeah.


@0:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yes, then, how are doing, brother?


@0:58 - Iestyn Krauze
that Yeah, Yeah, I'm amazing, bro.


@1:01 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
are you? I'm all good. How's it out? Where are at now? Like Peru or Paraguay or something? That's crazy.
When are you back in?


@1:10 - Iestyn Krauze
How long are traveling for? You're in Harrogate at the moment.


@1:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I think Yeston's bugging. Nigel, how you doing, brother?


@1:19 - Iestyn Krauze
Good.


@1:22 - nigeldaley
I'm good. I'm good, bro. I got a fire under my right now, bro. I got a fire under my , bro.
Why it, Why it? Straight up. nah, things have been good, bro. How have you been?


@1:35 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I've been all good. I saw you went to Miami. did a little link up with some of the big fitness guys.


@1:40 - nigeldaley
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Josh Chang had a mastermind, so I pulled up to support him, see what that was about.
But that was good as far.


@1:48 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Nice. I want to see you next month.


@1:50 - nigeldaley
Let's get the six figures. Bro, straight up, bro. There's no excuses at all whatsoever.


@1:55 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
You just got infinite. I mean, that goes for everyone on this call. Like, the reason, obviously, you guys have probably seen what it is.
100. He might be joining later as well. But I think one thing that came down to for him was literally just implementation.
Like, we had that content format call probably a month ago, like the first one a month ago, month and a half ago, and just went and implemented every single one multiple times, put in the inputs and then got the results.
So there's one lesson you guys can pretty learn from his success, it will be, you know, doubling down, taking the action, just being fast to implement.
But yeah, let's run it. Jakob, how you doing, brother?


@2:30 - Jakob Schnitzler
I'm How about yourself?


@2:31 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm all good. In the office as usual, but it's good to hear. Lovely, lovely.


@2:35 - Jakob Schnitzler
That's the grind.


@2:37 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Love it, love it. Kennedy, how you doing?


@2:40 - Kennedy Davis
I'm doing well. I'm like Nigel. Can you hear me, by the way?


@2:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you all good.


@2:46 - Kennedy Davis
Okay. I'm like Nigel. got a fire under my butt too. I'm also implementing the formats, which the video is almost at 100K in like two days.


@2:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Crazy.


@2:57 - Kennedy Davis
Yeah, I didn't. Yeah, yeah. And I'm.


@3:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I gained like 300 followers just yesterday, like 250 yesterday.


@3:05 - Kennedy Davis
And yeah, so it's, I got some ICP leads and we are going to crush.


@3:09 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I'm 100K month next month. Let's it. Let's get those calls locked in for the start of the month. Get a nice, strong march.
Get them all closed as well.


@3:16 - Kennedy Davis
Love it.


@3:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Joe, how you doing? Joe, I you had like a little video started popping off as well.


@3:21 - Joe Dooley
I did. Yeah, I'm doing great, man. Good week. Similar to Kennedy, I started implementing those formats and the ranking one popped.
It's at 140K views right now. A lot of conversation started. I just have to scrape those and find the ICP leads, which I'm working on today, but feeling great.
I think I have a real shot at 100K a month next month between both of my businesses. I don't think I'll do it with just this.
Maybe. Don't want to count it out, but I think I have a real, real big shot at 100K between both.
So I'm fired up and yeah, things are great, man.


@4:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Let's run it. Suwe probably showed you guys the trophies. We've got like Alessio O'Brien and all the other 100k mom club people.
So I want to see everyone repping a trophy in the next couple of moms in the background of the screen somewhere.
That'd be sick. But yeah, love to see it. Mason, how you doing?


@4:13 - Mason Lee
You're on the walking machine again. Always, bro.


@4:17 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Loving it. the steps in. Finn, how are you doing? Where are you at? Like pitch black.


@4:23 - Fynn Lühdorff
I'm doing well. Yeah, unfortunately, my stupid forgot that in this area there's no taxi.


@4:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
So I'm walking. on. Apologize. Where are you at? Are you still in Dubai?


@4:33 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, yeah, I'm in Dubai.


@4:34 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Crazy. No taxis in Dubai. Who would have thought?


@4:39 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, yeah.


@4:40 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Sick. All I'll wait for a couple more people to join. Pretty much, guys, today we're going to run through story sequences.
So good timing, to be fair. Aaron said get a camel. Good timing, to be fair, because I think a lot of you are getting a lot more traction to your account.
So it's now how do we nurture these people on the stories and start converting them. But I'll let a couple more people join and we'll all jump into it.


@4:59 - maeva
Maeva, how are you doing?
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH


@6:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
And engaging with it to actually getting into our DMs and actually end up booking in calls and buying is purely the story.
So, you know, we credit a lot of, you know, the consistent 230k months down to the stories. And that's why I really want to emphasize the importance of that.
But the biggest misconception coaches have when it comes to stories is they kind of ignore them because they think everything you need to be posting is value.
However, the beauty of story content and what I want you guys to understand is this is like a way for you to generate a different level of relationship.
With your audience, you you're giving them access to a level of like close proximity that otherwise they won't get access to within your other content, within your other videos.
So it's super important that, you know, you understand that and you leverage these to actually showcase your personality more, showcase more of the behind the scenes.
So another reason they're super important is because stories require such low effort from the viewer to actually consume them.
Right. They don't need to sit through a super long, long form video. They don't feel like they're being pushed by a heavy CTA.
Instead, they feel like they're just building, you a pure connection with you. And they actually feel like they get to see an authentic side to you, a side to you that they wouldn't get to see within the content, whether that's the long form, the short form, simply because in the stories, know, short snippets, it's very raw, it's very authentic.
So in this presentation, we're going to cover, you some core principles, like a cadency strategy to the posting, six story frameworks, we're going to break down some stories, two ways random, give you guys some frameworks you guys can rip for yourselves, map it out step by step.
So it should be super easy for you guys to implement, go through like how to quality check your stories, and then I'll run you through the seven day cash injection sequence.
So anyone who's thinking of doing a price increase in the near future, this is a cash injection sequence that I mapped out for Dario, who you guys may also know, he hits 104k, I believe, in December when we ran this sequence, or January, mean, when we ran this sequence, and 30k of that came from this seven day sequence.
So if you guys implement this yourself, you're going to see crazy results. I think why it's also... So you'll probably see some results coming from him with this sequence too.
But we'll jump straight into it. So first thing I want to ask you guys, I want to see in the chat, how many of you journal every night?
How many of you actually take the time to reflect on your thoughts, reflect on the day, and actually like journal?
I see Maeva's raising her hand. Anyone else in here or just Maeva? Okay, interesting. Right. So one actionable I want to set each and every one of you is to not necessarily journal every night.
mean, journey is super important. But every evening, like at the end of the day, when you finish your work, I want you to take out a notebook or even do it on like Notion, do it online, and map out everything that happens in your day.
So, you know, what wins did you have? What wins did your clients have? What objections came up in your sales calls?
And what limiting beliefs came up in the DMs? So the reason I want you to do this is because, and we'll get into this later, when you're constructing these stories, this is going to be super helpful for you to map this out on a daily basis, not only for the stories, but also to get clarity and ideas within your content.
And, you know, get the creative flow going and also just super helpful for you to reflect on the sales side of things as well.


@9:07 - maeva
Maeve, do you have a question? No, I was just going to say that in terms of like keeping notes every day of what I did and tracking like my habits, I have a bunch of trackers that I can send over to you guys.
So if you want like basically the template that I use every day to keep track of like my tasks, what I do, what I learned, you can send me a DM and I'll send it over to you.


@9:28 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That'd be super awesome. Appreciate that. But yeah, as like Maeve said, and one thing you guys can implement is like tracking everything that goes through your day.
The wins you have, wins your clients have, objections you're getting and limiting beliefs. And this is going to help you stay on top of every sort of area of the business.
And once again, this is something you can implement into stories, but that's a very easy actionable for every single one of you to implement, regardless of if your focus is on the stories right now.
Now, I want to go through the three golden rules when it comes to stories before we start mapping them out.
And actually breaking down like the exact frameworks behind them. So you guys understand. Do you guys listen. of And how do you actually execute a well-performing story?
So the first thing I want you guys to know is you should really cap out at one to two CTAs per week max.
So the hard CTAs, which are like the direct sales, this could be, you know, I mean, price increases you don't want to do once a month, but anything where you're really pushing people to buy, you could talk about a price increase, you could talk about, you know, new features you're implementing to your program, you could talk about how you're launching like a 2.0 version of your program, any like hard CTA where you're directly trying, CTA where you're directly trying to sell to your audience.
You want to cap at one time per month. So we're not fatiguing the audience. And so you don't come across as too salesy.
And in contrast, you want to rip, you know, or you can sort of rip up to one to two soft CTAs a week.
So, you know, this is where you're educating people, know, inviting them to DM you, you could have a lead magnet, you could be providing a freebie, anything where you're still providing some source of value.
However, you're requesting something in return from the audience. Now, the reason you can do this a bit more is because, you know, you're still providing something, it doesn't necessarily feel like you're selling something.
Then transition into the middle of funnel and bottom of funnel where you convert these viewers. Similar to stories, want to build up viewers, want to build up engagement and then harvest it.
So, you know, warm up your stories, generate eyeballs to them, prioritise engagement. And then once you've generated these views, then you drop a CTA and you can repeat this process.
So I know a lot of you guys struggle to sometimes get views on your stories. This can come down to two things.
Firstly, you simply just don't have enough eyeballs to go into your page. So from your main feed, from your reels and your organic content, that comes down to posting more topper funnel videos and getting more eyeballs to your page in the first place.
Then secondly, what you can do is implement polls. That could be like sliders as well. I mean, like little Instagram stickers where you can like rank stuff or Q and A's where your audience are actually engaging with your stories.
actually inputting because once again, similar to the algorithm when it comes to reels, when the audience engage, when they like the story or they engage through like commenting.
In this case, it might be for entering a poll for asking a question in Q and A. This is going to.
Tell the algorithm that the order's engaged, it's going to be marked as a form of engagement, it's going to show it to more of your followers, and potentially even new people as well.
Those are the three sort of golden rules when it comes to the stories. Are there any questions on those before we move into the different types of story sequences and frameworks?
Okay, perfect, we should be all good. Right, so we're going to run through each of story frameworks, so how else will work?
I'll showcase you, you know, what is the actual name of the story, what's the intention behind it, a bit about the framework, some examples we were at Persuway, and then a bit of an overview of, like, why it works and common mistakes people make.
So, first one I want to go through is the emotional-driven stories. Now, this is sort of the heart and soul of story sequences.
This is where we're showcasing more of the behind-the-scenes and giving that intimate feel to the audience where they feel like they're getting a closer connection, and, yeah, effectively we're building an emotional connection through personal storytelling.
So, you can kind of guess the focus is going could be a lot on you, your story, your sort of character arc, and really creating an emotion and firing an emotion within the audience.
So how we want to frame this is in the hook of the video or in the hook of the story, basically you want to have something that stops the scroll, so a pattern interrupt, right?
This could be a bold statement, could be a personal confession, could be a point of vulnerability, and then we want to transition into a bit more of your story.
So, similar to like your My Story videos or like carousels, a bit of first-person storytelling when you run through, where were you before, you know, what was the turning point, where are you now, right?
For your clients, it could be, you know, their current situation versus their desired outcome, but a bit of first-person storytelling where you're being emotional and honest and talking about the struggle, the turning point, and the results.
So, for example, Sue Ways, he had a video of him showing him in the high-rise in London, showcasing how much he's made in that day, showcasing eating some good food, and yeah, he's got a little caption of like, life doesn't get much better than this.
So, immediately a pattern interrupt because he's showing people's desires. He's showing the high rise. He's showing the nice view.
He's showing the payments coming in. He's also showing, you know, the nice food as well. Yeah, Maeva, I'll definitely be sharing this as well after.
And then he transitions into, you know, where was he before? So 2023, Mae, he basically talks about like the pain points, right?
What was his before point? Where was he struggling? And he's basically like confessing, being very emotional, being very open and honest with your audience.
And as I said, this really comes down to the core of story sequences, where the whole aim is to give a level of honesty you can't really provide within the short form content or within the long form content.
So, see where he's got a picture of himself doing like a call in 2023, talking about how, you he felt a bit stuck and basically providing a bit of advice as well.
Now, the second part of this framework is where you bridge to the solution. So, you know, you've provided a story, maybe provide a bit of value or a message.
Now you want to bridge to the solution. So, you shouldn't actually shift these limiting beliefs. And then we transition.
So to a CTA where you ask your audience to take action and qualify them. So for example, Suway, now he transitions to today where he's making X amount and then has a little message where he talks about consistency, predictability, and basically positions himself on the same level as the audience, really shows, okay, cool, although it looks like I'm successful from the outside point of view, this is why we're the same, this is why it's still achievable for you too.
And then finally, know, the fourth slide doesn't really do a CTA, but he has more of a payoff where he delivers a lasting message and links it back to his audience's pain points.
But as you can see, there's a key correlation between each of these stories, very cohesive, and the messaging is very clear and intentional of showcasing that transformation, but also selling the outcome, selling the result that he's now got.
Now, the reason this works is because it lowers people's guard, they don't feel like they're being sold to, it gets people to take low resistance actions.
So this could be anything from DMing him, know, clicking on a link if you want to link like a long form video, or even.
And it creates like a deep emotional connection, making you memorable. As we've said before, in your content, you really want to focus on selling people on you as a person before you try to sell them on the product.
And this is a perfect way and a perfect example of it being done because we're focusing on, you know, admitting, okay, I wasn't in the best position before, but actually using that to relate to the audience as a result.
That's really what's going to stick with them rather than just constantly, you know, throwing them client results you've got or your current results you've got, right?
Like really showing the before versus the after because relatability hits harder than the guru post. So let's say you guys do hit a record month.
This is something I want you to consider. How can you actually show, you know, your success in a way where you're not necessarily just throwing the result of the audience, but actually telling a story of it, right?
And sell them more on the story rather than the result, because that's what's really going to build a long-term cult-like following.
Cult mistakes people make with this is, you know, generic hooks. So stuff like once grow on IG, stuff that's like.
Not very related to the story, very generic, not very personalized, sounding like a teacher instead of a real person, so not leveraging enough of the emotional connection, not focusing on the storytelling, once again, focusing on the value of the result, and then listing achievements with no emotion, as I just said, if you hit a record month, don't necessarily just throw the screenshot up and be like, oh, look how much money I made, because at the end of the day, there's so many people on Instagram doing that, right?
People have really grown past that and don't necessarily care anymore, it's not that impressive. So actually linking it back to the story and creating that emotion, and once again, mixing in topics, whether they'll be like heartbreak or content tips, but that's the first one, so emotional driven stories.
Any questions on that before we move into the FOMO stories, or are we all good? Perfect, should be all good.
Okay, so in terms of FOMO stories, this is basically where we're creating urgency through Social Proof, so it's kind of in the name, but framework for this looks like, okay, hook and prove.
So this could be like a number. How much money was made in what timeframe, and then showcasing proof. So this could be through a video, this could be through a screenshot, this could be through like an invoice payment, and you want to lead with the result.
So kind of different to the last one, we're focusing more on the result here, and focusing more on the outcome.
And then you want to transition into context. So explain how you got X outcome in the simplest way possible.
Now, this kind of links back into your fulfillment system. How do you actually deliver, get results for yourself, or for your clients?
for Surya, for example, we showcased that we generated 74k cash straight from existing clients, right? From renewals and upsells every month.
And then he talks a bit about, you know, fulfillment, fulfillment system. Then he goes on to talk more about his mechanisms.
So as we mentioned here, explaining the context behind it. So he launched a management system two months ago, helps clients with the setting process.
So this kind of gives people an idea of his fulfillment, bit of an idea of offer before. Like without actually explicitly saying, you this is how I deliver for my clients.
Then you want to transition more into social proof again. So drop another win, DM screenshot testimonial, and have a CTA.
So directly ask your audience to DM you, right? So for example, two of his got, okay, my average LTV for a client is 16K.
People always ask what they should do to get similar numbers, and then he shares some values. So some actual steps people can take from that.
Then once again, he transitions into more social proof. So he talks about a client result, guy called Matgot, who's in the program.
And once again, doubles down on the messaging, really hones in on that, and then transitions into a CTA. So not only has he showed social proof multiple times, he's shown personal results he's got, you know, explain the mechanism to get them.
He's doubled down on his messaging, and he's also linked it back to a client result before transitioning into CTA.
So he's given a lot before he's actually asked for anything in return from the audience. Now, the reason this works, once again, is because people buy based on emotion.
So, you know, Results trigger desire, right, and we've really created a fear of missing out because we've shown, you know, two ways getting results, all these other guys from the program are getting results, and this social proof is effectively removing any objections, any limiting beliefs before they even form, or just solving them on the spot.
This is another reason why we're able to consistently get like 16k piffs and lay downs on sales calls with minimal objections because they're all handled within the content, not only the short form and the long form, but also within the stories.
And once again, it positions your offer as proven. Common mistakes with this are sort of sharing the results without the context, so, you know, for example, if Sue is to say, we're making X amount, but not giving an idea of, you know, how we actually go about that, so your fulfillment, your delivery.
No screenshots of making a claim without proof, that's kind of straightforward, I doubt any of you guys are making that mistake.
Overcomplicating the explanation, so you want to keep it super simple, so either people can take action from it, or so you can actually get a good understanding of what you do, how you deliver And then finally, like a week CTA is you want.
Talking about the fulfillment, you know, showcase the impact you're having, or, you know, providing a bold claim, maybe a controversial take, and avoiding just dropping the win, pretty simply, but then showcase improve, showcase the student win, testimonial proof, whether that a screenshot, DM, or a paid invoice, so, for example, re-ripped one a couple months back in, like, November, I don't know if Devin's on the call, but with Devin, where he got some crazy content results as well, Seward did, like, a little talking head to start the video off, controversial claim, probably talking about how, you know, our fulfillment, the best in the industry, then goes into a client result, so Devin went from posting three times a day with no strategy, to being extremely intentional, like you can see, he went and got some pretty crazy results, just like that, right, then we transition more into stacking proof, so we want to build it up with one, two more client wins, double down on it, and create this overwhelming credibility, and then we want to attack beliefs and lead into a CTA where we call out the ICP problems, solve the mechanism, then, as I said, transition to CTA, which could be price increase, a freebie,
So, for example, here we once again doubled down on it, spoke about the financial side, we went from content to the sales side, showing we're covering every area of fulfillment, and then we even got a video testimonial from Devon as well.
Now, we don't have a CTA for this one, as the intention behind this story sequence was more for nurturing, so make sure you guys are super mindful of what is the actual intention behind the story sequences you're ripping, and make sure you're doubling down on the same message throughout, so that your intention isn't lost, or the messaging is unclear in the stories.
But the reason these works is because third-party validation is always going to be more influential than self-promotion, right? It's all well and good seeing the personal results you're getting, but at the end of the day, people really, you know, only care about themselves when it comes down to it.
So they want to see what results you're getting other people, because they're to be asking, you know, what results can you get me, right?
So if we're stacking these wins and building overwhelming proof, the viewers are to begin to see themselves in the results.
And this is why it's super important to show So all of your clients within your content and within your client results, because some views are going to resonate with certain clients of yours, some aren't.
So if you can showcase all your clients, you're going to basically provide more ways and more routes for the audience to actually resonate with you and your offer and think, okay, this guy can probably help me.
For example, Suway's got a lot of Asian clients, right? So they will see, okay, these guys are performing well, so he can probably help me.
Or it could come down to like the niche. So people might say, okay, these fitness coaches are getting really good results.
Let me go to Suway as well. So it really comes down to how can you showcase more of your clients because your viewers are going to resonate with certain ones.
This is really going to help with converting them. Common mistakes people make is once again, you know, sharing wins up front without a hook.
So this just takes away from the impact and basically makes it like less powerful. Only showing the results or only showing one result.
So you want to focus on how can you stack credibility and as I mentioned, link it back to different clients.
Really double down on that because this is what's going to really create credibility and help your audience resonate a lot more of the results you're showing and then also not providing any insight on the mechanism that actually created the win so when you're showcasing these wins it's super important that link it back to you know what did this client actually change that they weren't doing before in order to get this outcome right this is what's going to give them a lot more clarity on whether you're a good fit to coach them or you know whether they're a good fit for your program actually understand your deliverables and then finally not attacking beliefs or linking it back to ICP problems so once again you guys know the importance of understanding your audience but making that super clear here and really linking it back to them as well next one is documentation story before we jump into that any questions on the previous ones we've gone through are we good we all good for now you guys a moment yeah i'm going to share the um call recording at the end and obviously the um gamma presentation
And then yeah, you guys can come rip these for yourself. Jump into the fourth one. So fourth one's the documentation story.
So showcasing what's happening in your life, the behind the scenes and connecting it to your mechanism. As we said at the start, this is going to be really important to actually build more of like an intimate one to one connection with your audience, because they feel like, okay, they're getting access to you that no one else is getting access to you, right?
It feels very exclusive, feels very behind the scenes. So in terms of framework for this, how are want to structure the hook, typically it's going to be a pass and interrupt, call out, vulnerability, or desirable moments.
So once again, showcasing the outcome. And you want to double document, you know, what's actually happening in your life, whether that be work, progress, challenges, or wins that you're sort of experiencing.
For example, with a two-way one, this was back in November when, or like late October, when we ripped a London mastermind for the clients.
So we're documenting London mastermind, show more sort of a work side. Then we transition into a client win, so Danny Lappman, big fitness coach in the program, talking about how much he made, so 34k for the month, I think it was like midway through November, and then we showcase some more wins, so Jake Seals, another win there, and then we talk about how we're dialing in fulfillment and clients are doing better than ever.
Then we transition, so kind of break the rules here a bit, but show what we've been building in the business, show what we've been working on, even have like a little CTA, so something very subtle, but we're providing our audience with a ton of value.
I remember we got so many inbounds from this, it's pretty one of our best performing CTAs, so here we gave away like a ton of SOPs, something you guys could consider doing, I know it's performed really well for us, and had the DM super active, so we'll recommend you guys looking into that.
And then we simply transition into linking it back to the mechanism, so explaining why are we getting these results, you know, why are we able to host a mastermind, why are we able to get our clients such good results, why are we giving away so much value, and then tying it back to the systems, as I mentioned, the SOPs,
This could be, like, habits, strategies, or mindset shifts you have. So once again, you know, this was quite a long one, but Sury went and doubled down on it, showed his personal results, how he had a 20k day to finish the month, made over 100k in the last 10 days, then goes more back into, like, the documenting side, so he's got his Halloween fit here, was a bit of a freaky fit, but showcasing more about, like, the personal side of things, and then, yeah, going back, linking it back to the business, linking it back to the messaging, and finishing it off on a 300k month incoming.
So, that's kind of the documentation side of the stories, really, once again, showcasing behind the scenes, and then linking it back to the business model.
Reasons works, pretty straightforward, you guys can pretty work it out, but it's because it feels so authentic, and it's not really scripted or salesy, it's like a structured mess, like, it's all over the place, but it's still quite structured in the same way, right?
We're still feeling, okay, you know, we're linking it back to Sury's personal life, you know, we've got personal life being, like, the business here, then we've got, like, the Halloween fit, here he looks like he's in, an airport or something.
But then we'll also link it back to the client results, then we'll link it back to his results. So it's just a bit of everything all in one place.
And this is the beauty of stories where you can deliver it in such a quick, straightforward way and like such simple wording, you can just deliver so many messages at once, and the audience can actually take them on.
But once again, works well because it's showcasing your lifestyle well, building desire, connects real results to your system, and actually shows how you can help people, and it doesn't need to be carefully planned.
As I said, it just needs a good hook, and then the rest of it, you know, you can just throw your ideas in one place, and really just deliver one message as simple as possible.
But other one kind of similar, this is more like a personal story, so sharing a personal journey, maybe having like a controversial take, that like is like controversial or, you know, contrast to the standard beliefs in your industry, and then showing any like breakthrough moments.
So, two-way did one where he talks about going shopping, that his mum and himself are going to get matching Rolexes, kind of controversial, people are going to see that and be like, how can this guy afford to get...
Matching relics with his mum, but also, you know, a personal achievement showcase behind the scenes, and then he talks into, leans into like the whole idea of money isn't by happiness, and goes and talks about your values, your beliefs, and some morals, so sort of sells people on two ways ideology, but also has a controversial take of money isn't by happiness, while documenting the behind the scenes, showing what he's up to on a daily basis, but reason it works is because, as I said, people follow people, not brands, you really want to sell people on yourself, rather than, you know, selling people on the product or the outcome.
And, we're going against the grain and triggering engagement and debate. Everyone on social media has an ego, they love to comment, they love to think their idea is the best, you know, they enjoy the controversial content, and this is why any controversial content, or, you know, negative content seems to perform better, because we're triggering engagement and getting people to speak.
But then also, the viewers are seeing themselves in your struggle, so, when you're documenting, showing like the before versus the after, or maybe showing the lows of the month, people are going to see you.
See themselves in your struggle. They're going to resonate with you a lot more. It also just feels a lot more authentic because typically everyone loves to show the highs on social media.
If can really show the lows as well, people are going to love you. They're going to buy into you.
They're going to resonate with you a lot more. Now, so there's some frameworks for these. I'm not going to go through each of these ones.
I'll let you guys go through this when I share the presentation. There's a couple of hook frameworks. As I mentioned, for these styles, for the storytelling stories you do, the hook's really going to be the most important part, but then the rest of it can be a bit less structured.
But I'll let you guys look through these when I share the presentation after. Now, the final one I want to go through is the Q&A engagement farming story.
Now, if you guys are struggling to get the DMs active, if you're not getting many ICP followers from the content, this is a perfect way to leverage your existing audience on your story and actually get the DMs flowing.
So we've ripped this with Suway quite a few times. Let's say the marketing's not hitting this week. know, the content's not brought in many new ICP followers.
We rip this on the story and the DMs are going to be flooded. time. time. that played… more. But I can hear wrong
It's good way to get DMs active and like actually give people value and give back to people as well so you can put something up like I'll be personally answering some DMs for the next few hours DM me your bottlenecks and I'll send you some advice on what you need as you can tell very personalized people are going to love this because they feel like oh you know I take this small action and I'm going to get so much value from this it's to be personalized and it gives me an opportunity to ask him one on one how can I get some help now obviously some people don't even realize this but it's going to be the setter answering even better if you can answer yourself another way you can format this is doing free consultation calls so this is something Dario ripped last month as well he obviously ended the month on 104k in January and he just ripped hella free consultation calls I think he did like 10 in total managed to upsell like literally everyone from a free call into the program so this is another way you can approach it I wouldn't do like these two together these are like ones you can split out maybe do once or twice a month but yeah ripping like three on to
You people in the DMs, book them into calls if they're qualified, share a bunch of value, and effectively you're building an ecosystem, because even if people don't buy into you then, if you give them a value overload, they're going to be in value debt to you, and when they do have the money, they're going to want to come back to you and invest.
So this is another way where you can leverage your existing audience, and also do some market research. So the reason these work really well is because you're basically getting a ton of insight on your audience's problems.
If there's anyone in here who doesn't, like, have much clarity on their ICP problems, this is a really good way to get that in a super quick time span.
I know I say to a lot of you guys, like, one of the best ways to find out where or, like, which piece of content most of your audience came through is, like, the onboarding forms.
That's what we do with Suway, you we ask people, which video did you find us through? However, doing this, like, lets you leverage the DMs.
If you haven't really gotten many clients, maybe it's a new offer you're running. It'll basically allow you to collect a ton of data.
On top of that, you're giving people advice. So they're going to feel like, once again, they're in value debt to you, you know, you're going to be on their mind, if you overload them with value, they're going to be like, even if they can't afford what you're offering, they're going to want to come back to you and want to invest in you.
And effectively, it's really simple, you know, your second takeover and booking calls. However, you can also focus on getting into DMs yourself, build a personal connection, but by dropping voice notes, I'm really getting like stuck in there.
Yeah, final thing I want to cover, and then yes, then I'll come to your question after that as well.
Make sure you're always quality checking your stories before posting. So go through, you know, ask yourself, okay, is the hook too short?
Is it like scroll stopping? Is it actually going to be a pass and interrupt that gets people to stop and engage?
Is the text easy to read? Does the story sequence have a clear purpose? Now, what I see a lot of people do is the messaging kind of gets lost in the story.
They're kind of trying to, you know, give off like three different messages or change three limiting beliefs at the same time.
Really try to focus on one and double down on that. Basically, to be of a a Say the same message, but just word it differently, so you can emphasize your point.
And then also ask yourself, does the viewer gain either value, clarity or connection? So once again, really understand the purpose behind your story, and make sure that's clear throughout all the slides.
Now, that's basically it for this presentation. We'll jump into a Q&A in a second, but I'm going to share this presentation with you as well, then also I'm going to share it with you, basically like a price increase story sequence.
This is the one I mentioned that we ripped with Dario, so anyone thinking of doing a price increase story sequence, this is like a framework you guys can follow, which will make it super simple.
As I said, Dario ran this, and over the space of seven days, this attribute is like 30k worth of cash collected, so something each one of you can rip, especially when you're doing a price increase.
But I'll share this with you guys after the call as well in the value section, but other than that, we'll open the floor to Q&A.
So yes, then, I'll start with you.


@36:56 - Iestyn Krauze
How can I help? Yo, so you know what you said about the... The three calls, right? And you said, people might not be able to afford it, but they'll come back to and things.
Is Sue A price dropping on these calls for when people come back? Well, if they say, oh, I haven't got money right now, but I can come back to you.
I know, like, the whole purpose of the calls, the game is so much value that they want to come back regardless of the price.


@37:16 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
But are you saying the price on that call? Or is it more so, oh, we book that in when you feel ready or when you've done, got over when I've got over or something like that?
Yeah, so obviously, like, because George handles, like, the sales calls now, for example, he'll kind of qualify them on the call.
So obviously, we'll drop a bunch of value. He'll give them, like, an audit of the brand, break down, you know, the marketing side of things, maybe go into the sales side of things, ask them to look at their systems, and then just put them in, like, value debt and overwhelm them, maybe showcase some of our systems and what we've got.
And then from there, it's about actually, you know, qualifying them. So kind of starting out if it's something they can afford.
And once he's done that, he'll either decide, you know, do I transition into showing them the pitch and dropping the price?
Or, you know, are they not a good fit for the program? So you kind of got to suss it.
You can probably suss it out by looking at the profile as well. But yeah, like, you want to avoid price dropping until, you know, you think someone's seriously going to consider working with you.
But regardless, where you're giving away so much value, people are going to be left in a value debt with you, where they feel like, you they kind of got to come back to you.


@38:19 - Iestyn Krauze
Yeah, sounds good. I appreciate that, bro.


@38:21 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. Ajani, how can I help, bro?


@38:25 - Ajani Burgess
Yeah, can you hear me? Cool, cool, cool. I was interested in your student win testimonial format. I was just thinking about, I did recently a few client testimonial, like, response videos.
Do you think that this is, like, a similar approach? And this kind of second part of it is, if I need to make a hook before the video, how long is, like, too long to have, like, the client kind of talking about his wins and things of that nature?


@38:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
That's where you chop it up. Yeah, I mean, so, for example, with this


@40:00 - Maxime Jacovlev
Yeah, thanks for the value. I have a question about highlights, because we are doing the highlights. So those daily sequences, they are very like vulnerable and everything, as you said.
But what do you think about like the start here, highlight, the system, successes? Should they be like more salesy or just like this?


@40:22 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, the start here one's got quite a strong structure in the fact that, you know, talking a about your story, you know, where were you, like, everything down to like growing up, the turning point that led to where you are now, then you're kind of going into your personal results, then the client results, and then you're transitioning into a CTA.
So naturally, that's going to be a bit more salesy, simply because it's longer, and you're providing, like, the audience is consuming a lot more before you're asking for anything from them.
So, like, one thing for all of you guys to remember is, before you ask, you have to give, especially to your audience on Instagram.
So, yeah, I'd say with like the My Story ones, those are fine to do more like a hard CTA.
But with the other ones, just be careful about how much you've actually given before you ask for that thing, but also implement the soft CTS as I mentioned before, where you've got the freebie, the lead magnet as well.


@41:13 - Maxime Jacovlev
Okay. And do you think that making the stories on IG makes a difference between making them on Canva, for example?


@41:23 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
I actually do, to be fair, because I think Instagram can, like, tell. As I mentioned before with, like, the polls and, like, the sliders, Instagram can tell when you're using their, like, stickers or, like, their resources.
So naturally it's going to kind of push it out more. Whereas if it's, like, something downloaded from Canva, to them they're just registering it as, like, another picture.
So if you can try, leverage Instagram's features as much as possible, maybe, like, for example, Sue Way filming, like, video, like, literally on Instagram, leveraging their subtitles, that's going to market you using their platform, using their features.
So video's probably going to get pushed out a bit more and be favoured over other people's


@42:00 - Jakob Schnitzler
It makes sense got you got you Jakob how can I help what's up brother this is more of a question not regarding to the stories because I was watching the like the Sweden mastermind the where where they talked about Danny's business and what Lucas said over there was like basically that it's all about building it with in like you obviously your unique angle and I kind of wanted to ask like so for example my unique angle is like building really a fully individualized system around the center back so they shift in this identity of becoming a dominant center back the question is like how do I show that in the content in terms of that it doesn't get repetitive is it just like okay I have this different topics like let's say supplements training and I somehow like geared into there and how would you kind of go about that like how would you show you
So your unique angle within your content without just making the content about the unique angle, if that makes sense.


@43:06 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
okay. I mean, one thing you've got that people can't take away from you is like, firstly, your story, but secondly, your day to day life.
So even on the stories, like, even on like the actual stories you're posting, right? One thing you can show more is the behind the scenes and the actual day to day.
So what does it actually look like to be a footballer of your caliber? What do the training sessions look like?
What does the nutrition look like? What are the highs? What are the lows? Because, I mean, think about like, okay, you're posting a picture, like think about the pictures you're using, right?
You might showcase you in the changing room or you in a manager's office or something like that. These are things that a lot of people sort of aspire to be in that room.
A lot of people aspire to have those daily experiences, but don't have access to. So that's going to be your unique angle where you actually document and showcase the behind the scenes more because you're living the dream outcome.
So if you can show that in your content and show every different aspect of the dream outcome, as I said, whether that be the highs, the lows, lows, lows.
You know, it could be you getting benched. could be, well, I doubt you get benched, but it could be, you know, you in the manager's office, could be you in the changing rooms, right?
Sort of stuff like that, where this is like what people want to see. That's what people are really going to follow you for, and that's what's going to set you apart from, like, other creators.


@44:17 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay, here's another complicated part. Like, I myself don't play right now anymore, like, because I'm basically done. So that's right now, like, that might be also a question, like, right now I'm basically done.
Like, like, I'm in between going back to play, but also, like, obviously just focusing on the business. But yeah, so right now I don't have actually the day-to-day of a player, where I've just focused more on, like, the coaching side.


@44:45 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, I mean, still, like, don't view that sort of negatively. Same principle applies, right? Show sort of the behind the scenes.
But just make sure you implement, like, talking about the transformation, how you went from, like, a player to now someone who's coaching it.
Then you can also document. If you're going to get back into football, how you're getting back into the process, what that looks like, getting your fitness back, that sort of stuff.
So same principle applies, really showcase the behind the scenes, because that's what's going to make, that's what's going to be truly unique.
That's something no one else can actually replicate.


@45:14 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay. So kind of like have, no matter what I do, have it more of like the, okay, I as a player do this and this, like, and then tell the value of like training or anything through that?


@45:30 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Yeah, for sure.


@45:31 - Jakob Schnitzler
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Because I'm a little bit lost right now on like how to provide my value in terms of like, I talked, like when Sui was like, I asked him a question about ideation because I, right now I feel myself getting caught a lot up into like, when I look for ideation, I'm like, like I'm going through other content and I'm basically copying their content with like, obviously my own story.
this story, but I have the feeling that I'm getting way too, too


@47:00 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
You know, let's say a story 20 hours ago versus kind of now, naturally the second one you post is going to perform a lot worse because it's just going to be shown to less people.
Obviously, like you've got to think stories are shown as the first thing you click on. So it's kind of winning like that refresh battle.
But I'd say like, yeah, once you post the first batch, you're going to get shown, if you like repost the second batch, you're going to get shown less.
So I'd wait for them to expire and then move on to post like a second batch of stories as well.


@47:31 - Ajani Burgess
Cool. Appreciate it, man.


@47:32 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Got you. Any other questions before we wrap up or is everyone all good?


@47:42 - Fynn Lühdorff
Yeah, I actually have one if it's cool, like regarding the script.


@47:46 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Go for it, bro. Oh, yeah. Let me, I know we said we reviewed that. Let me share my screen.
We'll get that reviewed. Have you got, are you able to like copy into the doc and link it in the chat?
So I don't have to let me share my screen with discord uh so i should put it in a doc okay one sec yeah if you can do that that'd be sick and then we'll review that um yeah anyone else got anything then use help in the meantime i should be chill um but as i mentioned i'm gonna send you guys the camera doc after call i send the call recording too i'll also send the seven day um price increase story framework as well for any of you guys planning on ripping a price increase um and then yeah we'll get all of that dialed in but yeah finn we'll end off on end up on your review all right i said is it cool all right let me share my screen again so what's uh what's like the format of this video by the way uh to be honest probably just talking head that's it it that's bullet boys son of a jam we don't understand what it means
SCREEN SHARING: Aidan started screen sharing - WATCH
Okay, nice. So, first thing I say, I try to implement more of an element of authority where you can link it back to your personal result and the room you're in.
Maybe tell more of your story, because not only link it to someone else's here, but the way it's going to be most powerful and most impactful is by linking it back to you, so that's potentially something you could add into the script.
where you talk about your experience of how you've been positioned in certain environments and the small change you've made to actually make sure, like, the small change you've made to be positioned differently, perceived differently.
One thing I'd also like double down on is think about the end messaging. So, the end of the script is always going to be the most important because this is like the payoff, right?
This is like the reward people get for watching the video. . . And typically, if you look at your Instagram analytics, people are going to engage with the video a lot of the time, like at the start and at the end.
So if you can have a super powerful ending, that's going to determine how many more people actually engage. So I'd say with your ending, I feel like the messaging kind of shifts differently from, you know, how someone's value changes based on their environment versus, you know, taking your personal brand seriously and lowballing.
So one thing I'd say for you is try and make the messaging throughout the video a bit more consistent, decide like, okay, do you want to talk about the environment or do you want to link it back more to personal branding and focus fully on that.
Because otherwise you're kind of going to confuse the audience, messaging is going to feel like less intentional. The messaging is going to be unclear.
And as a result, that's going to negatively affect the engagement. But overall, like the idea is really good. think it's just working a bit more on the execution and then, yeah, it should be good.


@50:53 - Fynn Lühdorff
But does that make some more sense? Yeah, really helpful advice.


@50:56 - Aidan Cordes (aidanlcordes@gmail.com)
Thank you so much. Thank you, bro. Anyone else before we wrap up? All right, sick. Appreciate you all jumping on.
I'll get everything sent into the value channels and the recording channels, as always. And then if any of you guys need any help or want any one-on-ones, need some more personal advice, just drop me a message in the one-on-one channels.
We'll get everything dialed in, but appreciate you guys jumping on.


@51:22 - Joe Dooley
Appreciate you, bro.


@51:23 - maeva
you. Have a good one. Thank you. Thank you, bro.